<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C008.htm'>2nd Chronicles 8</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the queen of Sheba heard   
of the fame of Solomon, she came to prove Solomon with hard questions at        
Jerusalem, with a very great company, and camels that bare spices, and gold in  
abundance, and precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed  
with him of all that was in her heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon told her all her questions: and there 
was nothing hid from Solomon which he told her not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the queen of Sheba had     
seen the wisdom of Solomon, and the house that he had built,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the meat of his table, and  
the sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their     
apparel; his cupbearers also, and their apparel; and his ascent by which he     
went up into the house of YHVH; there was no more spirit in her.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said to the king,   
It was a true report which I heard in mine own land of thine acts, and of thy   
wisdom:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Howbeit I believed not their words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it:    
and, behold, the one half of the greatness of thy wisdom was not told me: for   
thou exceedest the fame that I heard.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy        
servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Blessed be YHVH thy    
ELOHIYM, which delighted in thee to set thee on his throne, to be king for YHVH 
thy ELOHIYM: because thy ELOHIYM loved Israel, to establish them for ever,      
therefore made he thee king over them, to do judgment and justice.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And she gave the king an    
hundred and twenty talents of gold, and of spices great abundance, and precious 
stones: neither was there any such spice as the queen of Sheba gave king        
Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the servants also of Huram, and the servants of Solomon, which brought gold     
from Ophir, brought algum trees and precious stones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king made of the algum    
trees terraces to the house of YHVH, and to the king's palace, and harps and    
psalteries for singers: and there were none such seen before in the land of     
Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
king Solomon gave to the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked,   
beside that which she had brought unto the king. So she turned, and went away   
to her own land, she and her servants.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in  
one year was six hundred and threescore and six talents of gold;</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Beside that which chapmen 
and merchants brought. And all the kings of Arabia and governors of the country 
brought gold and silver to Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon made two hundred targets of beaten      
gold: six hundred shekels of beaten gold went to one target.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And three hundred shields     
made he of beaten gold: three hundred shekels of gold went to one shield. And   
the king put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the king made a great    
throne of ivory, and overlaid it with pure gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And there were six steps to the   
throne, with a footstool of gold, which were fastened to the throne, and stays  
on each side of the sitting place, and two lions standing by the stays:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And twelve lions     
stood there on the one side and on the other upon the six steps. There was not  
the like made in any kingdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>  
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the drinking vessels of king Solomon were of gold,   
and all the vessels of the house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold:    
none were of silver; it was not any thing accounted of in the days of           
Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
the king's ships went to Tarshish with the servants of Huram: every three years 
once came the ships of Tarshish bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and 
peacocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And king Solomon passed all the kings of the earth in riches and wisdom.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the     
kings of the earth sought the presence of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, that     
ELOHIYM had put in his heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>  
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought every man his present, vessels of silver,   
and vessels of gold, and raiment, harness, and spices, horses, and mules, a     
rate year by year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Solomon had four thousand stalls for horses and chariots, and twelve 
thousand horsemen; whom he bestowed in the chariot cities, and with the king at 
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he reigned over all the kings from the river even unto the land of the      
Philistines, and to the border of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king made silver in Jerusalem as        
stones, and cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the low       
plains in abundance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And they brought unto Solomon horses out of Egypt, and out of all   
lands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Now   
the rest of the acts of Solomon, first and last, are they not written in the    
book of Nathan the prophet, and in the prophecy of Ahijah the Shilonite, and in 
the visions of Iddo the seer against Jeroboam the son of Nebat?</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon reigned in    
Jerusalem over all Israel forty years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon slept with his fathers, and he was  
buried in the city of David his father: and Rehoboam his son reigned in his     
stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C010.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
