<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Lamentations of Jeremiah, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B25C001.htm'>Lamentations 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The        
Lamentations of Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>
.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER>  
<H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>How hath the ADONAY covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in    
his anger, and cast down from heaven unto the earth the beauty of Israel, and   
remembered not his footstool in the day of his anger!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The ADONAY hath swallowed up all    
the habitations of Jacob, and hath not pitied: he hath thrown down in his wrath 
the strong holds of the daughter of Judah; he hath brought them down to the     
ground: he hath polluted the kingdom and the princes thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>He hath cut off in his fierce   
anger all the horn of Israel: he hath drawn back his right hand from before the 
enemy, and he burned against Jacob like a flaming fire, which devoureth round   
about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>He hath 
bent his bow like an enemy: he stood with his right hand as an adversary, and   
slew all that were pleasant to the eye in the tabernacle of the daughter of     
Zion: he poured out his fury like fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The ADONAY was as an enemy: he hath swallowed up  
Israel, he hath swallowed up all her palaces: he hath destroyed his strong      
holds, and hath increased in the daughter of Judah mourning and lamentation.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hath       
violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of a garden: he hath         
destroyed his places of the assembly: YHVH hath caused the solemn feasts and    
sabbaths to be forgotten in Zion, and hath despised in the indignation of his   
anger the king and the priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>The ADONAY hath cast off his altar, he hath abhorred his      
sanctuary, he hath given up into the hand of the enemy the walls of her         
palaces; they have made a noise in the house of YHVH, as in the day of a solemn 
feast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH    
hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of Zion: he hath stretched    
out a line, he hath not withdrawn his hand from destroying: therefore he made   
the rampart and the wall to lament; they languished together.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Her gates are sunk into the     
ground; he hath destroyed and broken her bars: her king and her princes are     
among the Gentiles: the law is no more; her prophets also find no vision from   
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The    
elders of the daughter of Zion sit upon the ground, and keep silence: they have 
cast up dust upon their heads; they have girded themselves with sackcloth: the  
virgins of Jerusalem hang down their heads to the ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Mine eyes do fail with tears, my  
bowels are troubled, my liver is poured upon the earth, for the destruction of  
the daughter of my people; because the children and the sucklings swoon in the  
streets of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>They say to their mothers, Where is corn and wine? when they        
swooned as the wounded in the streets of the city, when their soul was poured   
out into their mothers' bosom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4> 
13</H4></TD><TD><P>What thing shall I take to witness for thee? what thing      
shall I liken to thee, O daughter of Jerusalem? what shall I equal to thee,     
that I may comfort thee, O virgin daughter of Zion? for thy breach is great     
like the sea: who can heal thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy prophets have seen vain and foolish things for thee: 
and they have not discovered thine iniquity, to turn away thy captivity; but    
have seen for thee false burdens and causes of banishment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>All that pass by clap their hands 
at thee; they hiss and wag their head at the daughter of Jerusalem, saying, Is  
this the city that men call The perfection of beauty, The joy of the whole      
earth?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>All   
thine enemies have opened their mouth against thee: they hiss and gnash the     
teeth: they say, We have swallowed her up: certainly this is the day that we    
looked for; we have found, we have seen it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath done that which he had devised; he    
hath fulfilled his word that he had commanded in the days of old: he hath       
thrown down, and hath not pitied: and he hath caused thine enemy to rejoice     
over thee, he hath set up the horn of thine adversaries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Their heart cried unto the        
ADONAY, O wall of the daughter of Zion, let tears run down like a river day and 
night: give thyself no rest; let not the apple of thine eye cease.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Arise, cry out in the     
night: in the beginning of the watches pour out thine heart like water before   
the face of the ADONAY: lift up thy hands toward him for the life of thy young  
children, that faint for hunger in the top of every street.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, O YHVH, and consider  
to whom thou hast done this. Shall the women eat their fruit, and children of a 
span long? shall the priest and the prophet be slain in the sanctuary of the    
ADONAY?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>The  
young and the old lie on the ground in the streets: my virgins and my young men 
are fallen by the sword; thou hast slain them in the day of thine anger; thou   
hast killed, and not pitied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>   
22</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou hast called as in a solemn day my terrors round about,  
so that in the day of YHVH's anger none escaped nor remained: those that I have 
swaddled and brought up hath mine enemy consumed.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This 
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B25C003.htm'>Lamentations 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
