<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Esther, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B17C002.htm'>Esther 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Esther</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
After these things did king Ahasuerus promote Haman the son of Hammedatha the   
Agagite, and advanced him, and set his seat above all the princes that were     
with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
all the king's servants, that were in the king's gate, bowed, and reverenced    
Haman: for the king had so commanded concerning him. But Mordecai bowed not,    
nor did him reverence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then the king's servants, which were in the king's gate, said unto  
Mordecai, Why transgressest thou the king's commandment?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, when they      
spake daily unto him, and he hearkened not unto them, that they told Haman, to  
see whether Mordecai's matters would stand: for he had told them that he was a  
Jew.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And when  
Haman saw that Mordecai bowed not, nor did him reverence, then was Haman full   
of wrath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had shewed him the    
people of Mordecai: wherefore Haman sought to destroy all the Jews that were    
throughout the whole kingdom of Ahasuerus, even the people of Mordecai.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In the first month,    
that is, the month Nisan, in the twelfth year of king Ahasuerus, they cast Pur, 
that is, the lot, before Haman from day to day, and from month to month, to the 
twelfth month, that is, the month Adar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Haman said unto king Ahasuerus, There is a    
certain people scattered abroad and dispersed among the people in all the       
provinces of thy kingdom; and their laws are diverse from all people; neither   
keep they the king's laws: therefore it is not for the king's profit to suffer  
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>If it    
please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed: and I will pay   
ten thousand talents of silver to the hands of those that have the charge of    
the business, to bring it into the king's treasuries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king took his ring from   
his hand, and gave it unto Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews'   
enemy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the king said unto Haman, The silver is given to thee, the people also, to do   
with them as it seemeth good to thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then were the king's scribes called on the      
thirteenth day of the first month, and there was written according to all that  
Haman had commanded unto the king's lieutenants, and to the governors that were 
over every province, and to the rulers of every people of every province        
according to the writing thereof, and to every people after their language; in  
the name of king Ahasuerus was it written, and sealed with the king's ring.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the letters 
were sent by posts into all the king's provinces, to destroy, to kill, and to   
cause to perish, all Jews, both young and old, little children and women, in    
one day, even upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month, which is the month  
Adar, and to take the spoil of them for a prey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>The copy of the writing for a commandment to 
be given in every province was published unto all people, that they should be   
ready against that day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>The posts went out, being hastened by the king's commandment, and   
the decree was given in Shushan the palace. And the king and Haman sat down to  
drink; but the city Shushan was perplexed.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B17C004.htm'>Esther 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
