<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C003.htm'>2nd Samuel 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And when Saul's son heard that Abner was dead in Hebron, his hands were  
feeble, and all the Israelites were troubled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul's son had two men that were captains  
of bands: the name of the one was Baanah, and the name of the other Rechab, the 
sons of Rimmon a Beerothite, of the children of Benjamin: (for Beeroth also was 
reckoned to Benjamin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the Beerothites fled to Gittaim, and were sojourners there until     
this day.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Jonathan, Saul's son, had a son that was lame of his feet. He was five years    
old when the tidings came of Saul and Jonathan out of Jezreel, and his nurse    
took him up, and fled: and it came to pass, as she made haste to flee, that he  
fell, and became lame. And his name was Mephibosheth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sons of Rimmon the          
Beerothite, Rechab and Baanah, went, and came about the heat of the day to the  
house of Ishbosheth, who lay on a bed at noon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they came thither into the midst of the    
house, as though they would have fetched wheat; and they smote him under the    
fifth rib: and Rechab and Baanah his brother escaped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For when they came into the house,  
he lay on his bed in his bedchamber, and they smote him, and slew him, and      
beheaded him, and took his head, and gat them away through the plain all        
night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
they brought the head of Ishbosheth unto David to Hebron, and said to the king, 
Behold the head of Ishbosheth the son of Saul thine enemy, which sought thy     
life; and YHVH hath avenged my lord the king this day of Saul, and of his       
seed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
David answered Rechab and Baanah his brother, the sons of Rimmon the            
Beerothite, and said unto them, As YHVH liveth, who hath redeemed my soul out   
of all adversity,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>When one told me, saying, Behold, Saul is dead, thinking to have brought 
good tidings, I took hold of him, and slew him in Ziklag, who thought that I    
would have given him a reward for his tidings:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>How much more, when wicked men have slain a  
righteous person in his own house upon his bed? shall I not therefore now       
require his blood of your hand, and take you away from the earth?</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And David commanded his   
young men, and they slew them, and cut off their hands and their feet, and      
hanged them up over the pool in Hebron. But they took the head of Ishbosheth,   
and buried it in the sepulchre of Abner in Hebron.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B10C005.htm'>2nd Samuel 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
