<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C021.htm'>1st Samuel 21</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>David therefore departed thence, and escaped to the cave Adullam: and    
when his brethren and all his father's house heard it, they went down thither   
to him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
every one that was in distress, and every one that was in debt, and every one   
that was discontented, gathered themselves unto him; and he became a captain    
over them: and there were with him about four hundred men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And David went thence to Mizpeh of  
Moab: and he said unto the king of Moab, Let my father and my mother, I pray    
thee, come forth, and be with you, till I know what ELOHIYM will do for me.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought    
them before the king of Moab: and they dwelt with him all the while that David  
was in the hold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the prophet Gad said unto David, Abide not in the hold; depart, and get  
thee into the land of Judah. Then David departed, and came into the forest of   
Hareth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>When   
Saul heard that David was discovered, and the men that were with him, (now Saul 
abode in Gibeah under a tree in Ramah, having his spear in his hand, and all    
his servants were standing about him;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Saul said unto his servants that stood about 
him, Hear now, ye Benjamites; will the son of Jesse give every one of you       
fields and vineyards, and make you all captains of thousands, and captains of   
hundreds;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>That 
all of you have conspired against me, and there is none that showeth me that my 
son hath made a league with the son of Jesse, and there is none of you that is  
sorry for me, or showeth unto me that my son hath stirred up my servant against 
me, to lie in wait, as at this day?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9> 
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then answered Doeg the Edomite, which was set over the    
servants of Saul, and said, I saw the son of Jesse coming to Nob, to Ahimelech  
the son of Ahitub.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he inquired of YHVH for him, and gave him victuals, and gave him the 
sword of Goliath the Philistine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>   
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king sent to call Ahimelech the priest, the son 
of Ahitub, and all his father's house, the priests that were in Nob: and they   
came all of them to the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>  
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Hear now, thou son of Ahitub. And he          
answered, Here I am, my lord.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>  
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said unto him, Why have ye conspired against me,    
thou and the son of Jesse, in that thou hast given him bread, and a sword, and  
hast inquired of ELOHIYM for him, that he should rise against me, to lie in     
wait, as at this day?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then Ahimelech answered the king, and said, And who is so faithful  
among all thy servants as David, which is the king's son in law, and goeth at   
thy bidding, and is honorable in thine house?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Did I then begin to inquire of ELOHIYM for   
him? be it far from me: let not the king impute any thing unto his servant, nor 
to all the house of my father: for thy servant knew nothing of all this, less   
or more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the king said, Thou shalt surely die, Ahimelech, thou, and all thy father's     
house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the king said unto the footmen that stood about him, Turn, and slay the priests 
of YHVH: because their hand also is with David, and because they knew when he   
fled, and did not show it to me. But the servants of the king would not put     
forth their hand to fall upon the priests of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said to Doeg, Turn   
thou, and fall upon the priests. And Doeg the Edomite turned, and he fell upon  
the priests, and slew on that day fourscore and five persons that did wear a    
linen ephod.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Nob, the city of the priests, smote he with the edge of the sword, both men 
and women, children and sucklings, and oxen, and asses, and sheep, with the     
edge of the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And one of the sons of Ahimelech the son of Ahitub, named Abiathar,      
escaped, and fled after David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4> 
21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abiathar showed David that Saul had slain YHVH's         
priests.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
David said unto Abiathar, I knew it that day, when Doeg the Edomite was there,  
that he would surely tell Saul: I have occasioned the death of all the persons  
of thy father's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Abide thou with me, fear not: for he that seeketh my life seeketh   
thy life: but with me thou shalt be in safeguard.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This 
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B09C023.htm'>1st Samuel 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
