<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 51 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C050.htm'>Jeremiah 50</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 51</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Behold, I will 
raise up against Babylon, and against them that dwell in the midst of them that 
rise up against me, a destroying wind;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And will send unto Babylon fanners, that shall    
fan her, and shall empty her land: for in the day of trouble they shall be      
against her round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Against him that bendeth let the archer bend his bow, and against   
him that lifteth himself up in his brigandine: and spare ye not her young men;  
destroy ye utterly all her host.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus the slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans, and   
they that are thrust through in her streets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For Israel hath not been forsaken, nor Judah of   
his ELOHIYM, of YHVH of hosts; though their land was filled with sin against    
the Holy One of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Flee out of the midst of Babylon, and deliver every man his soul:   
be not cut off in her iniquity; for this is the time of YHVH's vengeance; he    
will render unto her a recompence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>  
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Babylon hath been a golden cup in YHVH's hand, that made  
all the earth drunken: the nations have drunken of her wine; therefore the      
nations are mad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed: howl for her; take balm for her    
pain, if so be she may be healed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>We would have healed Babylon, but she is not healed:      
forsake her, and let us go every one into his own country: for her judgment     
reacheth unto heaven, and is lifted up even to the skies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath brought forth our       
righteousness: come, and let us declare in Zion the work of YHVH our            
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: YHVH hath raised up the spirit of   
the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it;       
because it is the vengeance of YHVH, the vengeance of his temple.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Set up the standard upon  
the walls of Babylon, make the watch strong, set up the watchmen, prepare the   
ambushes: for YHVH hath both devised and done that which he spake against the   
inhabitants of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>O thou that dwellest upon many waters, abundant in treasures, thine 
end is come, and the measure of thy covetousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH of hosts hath sworn by       
himself, saying, Surely I will fill thee with men, as with caterpillers; and    
they shall lift up a shout against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>He hath made the earth by his power, he hath    
established the world by his wisdom, and hath stretched out the heaven by his   
understanding.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>When he uttereth his voice, there is a multitude of waters in the heavens;   
and he causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth: he maketh      
lightnings with rain, and bringeth forth the wind out of his treasures.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Every man is brutish 
by his knowledge; every founder is confounded by the graven image: for his      
molten image is falsehood, and there is no breath in them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>They are vanity, the work of      
errors: in the time of their visitation they shall perish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>The portion of Jacob is not like  
them; for he is the former of all things: and Israel is the rod of his          
inheritance: YHVH of hosts is his name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for  
with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy      
kingdoms;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee     
will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>With thee also will I break in    
pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and   
with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>I will also break in pieces   
with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the  
husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains  
and rulers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And I will render unto Babylon and to all the inhabitants of Chaldea all their  
evil that they have done in Zion in your sight, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I am against thee, O  
destroying mountain, saith YHVH, which destroyest all the earth: and I will     
stretch out mine hand upon thee, and roll thee down from the rocks, and will    
make thee a burnt mountain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>    
26</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner, nor a  
stone for foundations; but thou shalt be desolate for ever, saith YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Set ye up a standard 
in the land, blow the trumpet among the nations, prepare the nations against    
her, call together against her the kingdoms of Ararat, Minni, and Ashchenaz;    
appoint a captain against her; cause the horses to come up as the rough         
caterpillers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Prepare against her the nations with the kings of the Medes, the captains    
thereof, and all the rulers thereof, and all the land of his dominion.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land shall   
tremble and sorrow: for every purpose of YHVH shall be performed against        
Babylon, to make the land of Babylon a desolation without an inhabitant.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>The mighty men  
of Babylon have forborn to fight, they have remained in their holds: their      
might hath failed; they became as women: they have burned her dwellingplaces;   
her bars are broken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>One post shall run to meet another, and one messenger to meet       
another, to shew the king of Babylon that his city is taken at one end,</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And that the         
passages are stopped, and the reeds they have burned with fire, and the men of  
war are affrighted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD>
<TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; The daughter of     
Babylon is like a threshingfloor, it is time to thresh her: yet a little while, 
and the time of her harvest shall come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon hath         
devoured me, he hath crushed me, he hath made me an empty vessel, he hath       
swallowed me up like a dragon, he hath filled his belly with my delicates, he   
hath cast me out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>The violence done to me and to my flesh be upon Babylon, shall the       
inhabitant of Zion say; and my blood upon the inhabitants of Chaldea, shall     
Jerusalem say.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Therefore thus saith YHVH; Behold, I will plead thy cause, and take          
vengeance for thee; and I will dry up her sea, and make her springs dry.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And Babylon     
shall become heaps, a dwellingplace for dragons, an astonishment, and an        
hissing, without an inhabitant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>
38</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall roar together like lions: they shall yell as      
lions' whelps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>In their heat I will make their feasts, and I will make them drunken, that   
they may rejoice, and sleep a perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>I will bring    
them down like lambs to the slaughter, like rams with he goats.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>How is Sheshach taken!    
and how is the praise of the whole earth surprised! how is Babylon become an    
astonishment among the nations!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>
42</H4></TD><TD><P>The sea is come up upon Babylon: she is covered with the     
multitude of the waves thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>
43</H4></TD><TD><P>Her cities are a desolation, a dry land, and a wilderness, a 
land wherein no man dwelleth, neither doth any son of man pass thereby.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will punish    
Bel in Babylon, and I will bring forth out of his mouth that which he hath      
swallowed up: and the nations shall not flow together any more unto him: yea,   
the wall of Babylon shall fall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>
45</H4></TD><TD><P>My people, go ye out of the midst of her, and deliver ye     
every man his soul from the fierce anger of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And lest your heart faint, and ye 
fear for the rumour that shall be heard in the land; a rumour shall both come   
one year, and after that in another year shall come a rumour, and violence in   
the land, ruler against ruler.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4> 
47</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, the days come, that I will do judgment    
upon the graven images of Babylon: and her whole land shall be confounded, and  
all her slain shall fall in the midst of her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the heaven and the earth, and all that  
is therein, shall sing for Babylon: for the spoilers shall come unto her from   
the north, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>As Babylon hath caused the slain of Israel to fall, so at Babylon   
shall fall the slain of all the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye that have escaped the sword, go away, stand  
not still: remember YHVH afar off, and let Jerusalem come into your mind.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>We are          
confounded, because we have heard reproach: shame hath covered our faces: for   
strangers are come into the sanctuaries of YHVH's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore, behold, the days come, 
saith YHVH, that I will do judgment upon her graven images: and through all her 
land the wounded shall groan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>  
53</H4></TD><TD><P>Though Babylon should mount up to heaven, and though she     
should fortify the height of her strength, yet from me shall spoilers come unto 
her, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>A sound of a cry cometh from Babylon, and great destruction from the     
land of the Chaldeans:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>55</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Because YHVH hath spoiled Babylon, and destroyed out of her the     
great voice; when her waves do roar like great waters, a noise of their voice   
is uttered:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V56><H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon Babylon, and her mighty men are 
taken, every one of their bows is broken: for YHVH EL of recompences shall      
surely requite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V57><H4>57</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And I will make drunk her princes, and her wise men, her captains, and her   
rulers, and her mighty men: and they shall sleep a perpetual sleep, and not     
wake, saith the King, whose name is YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V58><H4>58</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; The     
broad walls of Babylon shall be utterly broken, and her high gates shall be     
burned with fire; and the people shall labour in vain, and the folk in the      
fire, and they shall be weary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V59><H4> 
59</H4></TD><TD><P>The word which Jeremiah the prophet commanded Seraiah the    
son of Neriah, the son of Maaseiah, when he went with Zedekiah the king of      
Judah into Babylon in the fourth year of his reign. And this Seraiah was a      
quiet prince.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V60><H4>60</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>So Jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon Babylon, even 
all these words that are written against Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V61><H4>61</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jeremiah said to Seraiah,     
When thou comest to Babylon, and shalt see, and shalt read all these words;</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V62><H4>62</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou 
say, O YHVH, thou hast spoken against this place, to cut it off, that none      
shall remain in it, neither man nor beast, but that it shall be desolate for    
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V63><H4>63</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
shall be, when thou hast made an end of reading this book, that thou shalt bind 
a stone to it, and cast it into the midst of Euphrates:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V64><H4>64</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt say, Thus shall    
Babylon sink, and shall not rise from the evil that I will bring upon her: and  
they shall be weary. Thus far are the words of Jeremiah.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B24C052.htm'>Jeremiah 52</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
