<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Epistle of Paul to the Galatians, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King 
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B48C001.htm'>Galatians 1</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Epistle of Paul to the Galatians</H2></CENTER><P><A            
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then fourteen years after I went up 
again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, and took Titus with me also.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I went up by revelation,    
and communicated unto them that gospel which I preach among the Gentiles, but   
privately to them which were of reputation, lest by any means I should run, or  
had run, in vain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>
<P>But neither Titus, who was with me, being a Greek, was compelled to be       
circumcised:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And that because of false brethren unawares brought in, who came in privily to  
spy out our liberty which we have in MASHIYACH YAHSHUA, that they might bring   
us into bondage:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>To whom we gave place by subjection, no, not for an hour; that the truth of  
the gospel might continue with you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6> 
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But of these who seemed to be somewhat, (whatsoever they  
were, it maketh no matter to me: ELOHIYM accepteth no man's person:) for they   
who seemed to be somewhat in conference added nothing to me:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But contrariwise, when they saw 
that the gospel of the uncircumcision was committed unto me, as the gospel of   
the circumcision was unto Peter;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>(For he that wrought effectually in Peter to the apostleship  
of the circumcision, the same was mighty in me toward the Gentiles:)</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And when James,        
Cephas, and John, who seemed to be pillars, perceived the grace that was given  
unto me, they gave to me and Barnabas the right hands of fellowship; that we    
should go unto the heathen, and they unto the circumcision.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Only they would that we       
should remember the poor; the same which I also was forward to do.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But when Peter was come   
to Antioch, I withstood him to the face, because he was to be blamed.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For before that      
certain came from James, he did eat with the Gentiles: but when they were come, 
he withdrew and separated himself, fearing them which were of the               
circumcision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the other Jews dissembled likewise with him; insomuch that Barnabas also 
was carried away with their dissimulation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But when I saw that they walked not uprightly   
according to the truth of the gospel, I said unto Peter before them all, If     
thou, being a Jew, livest after the manner of Gentiles, and not as do the Jews, 
why compellest thou the Gentiles to live as do the Jews?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>We who are Jews by nature, and    
not sinners of the Gentiles,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>   
16</H4></TD><TD><P>Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law, 
but by the faith of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, even we have believed in YAHSHUA         
MASHIYACH, that we might be justified by the faith of MASHIYACH, and not by the 
works of the law: for by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But if, while   
we seek to be justified by MASHIYACH, we ourselves also are found sinners, is   
therefore MASHIYACH the minister of sin? Forbid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For if I build again the things   
which I destroyed, I make myself a transgressor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For I through the law am dead to  
the law, that I might live unto ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>I am crucified with MASHIYACH: neverthless I    
live; yet not I, but MASHIYACH liveth in me: and the life which I now live in   
the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of ELOHIYM, who loved me, and gave     
himself for me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>
<P>I do not frustrate the grace of ELOHIYM: for if righteousness come by the    
law, then MASHIYACH is dead in vain.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is  
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B48C003.htm'>Galatians 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
