<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C017.htm'>Revelation 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And after these things I saw another angel come down from heaven, having 
great power; and the earth was lightened with his glory.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he cried mightily with a strong 
voice, saying, Babylon the great is fallen, is fallen, and is become the        
habitation of devils, and the hold of every foul spirit, and a cage of every    
unclean and hateful bird.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For all nations have drunk of the wine of the wrath of her          
fornication, and the kings of the earth have committed fornication with her,    
and the merchants of the earth are waxed rich through the abundance of her      
delicacies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I heard another voice from heaven, saying, Come out of her, my people, that 
ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For her sins have 
reached unto heaven, and ELOHIYM hath remembered her iniquities.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Reward her even as she      
rewarded you, and double unto her double according to her works: in the cup     
which she hath filled fill to her double.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>How much she hath glorified herself, and lived    
deliciously, so much torment and sorrow give her: for she saith in her heart, I 
sit a queen, and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall her plagues come in 
one day, death, and mourning, and famine; and she shall be utterly burned with  
fire: for strong is the ADONAY YHVH who judgeth her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the kings of the earth, who     
have committed fornication and lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her,    
and lament for her, when they shall see the smoke of her burning,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Standing afar off for the 
fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon, that mighty    
city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the merchants of the earth shall weep and   
mourn over her; for no man buyeth their merchandise any more:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>The merchandise of gold, and  
silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen, and purple, and     
silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner vessels of ivory, and    
all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of brass, and iron, and           
marble,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
cinnamon, and odours, and ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and   
fine flour, and wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and     
slaves, and souls of men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>      
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from  
thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from thee, and   
thou shalt find them no more at all.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>The merchants of these things, which were made  
rich by her, shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and      
wailing,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine linen, and purple, 
and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious stones, and pearls!</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For in one hour so   
great riches is come to nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in    
ships, and sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And cried when they saw   
the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto this great city!</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they cast   
dust on their heads, and cried, weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that    
great city, wherein were made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of   
her costliness! for in one hour is she made desolate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Rejoice over her, thou heaven,    
and ye holy apostles and prophets; for ELOHIYM hath avenged you on her.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And a mighty angel   
took up a stone like a great millstone, and cast it into the sea, saying, Thus  
with violence shall that great city Babylon be thrown down, and shall be found  
no more at all.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the voice of harpers, and musicians, and of pipers, and trumpeters,      
shall be heard no more at all in thee; and no craftsman, of whatsoever craft he 
be, shall be found any more in thee; and the sound of a millstone shall be      
heard no more at all in thee;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>  
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the light of a candle shall shine no more at all in      
thee; and the voice of the bridegroom and of the bride shall be heard no more   
at all in thee: for thy merchants were the great men of the earth; for by thy   
sorceries were all nations deceived.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And in her was found the blood of prophets, and 
of saints, and of all that were slain upon the earth.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B66C019.htm'>Revelation 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
