<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C009.htm'>2nd Chronicles 9</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Rehoboam went to Shechem:   
for to Shechem were all Israel come to make him king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when Jeroboam  
the son of Nebat, who was in Egypt, whither he fled from the presence of        
Solomon the king, heard it, that Jeroboam returned out of Egypt.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they sent and called    
him. So Jeroboam and all Israel came and spake to Rehoboam, saying,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy father made our    
yoke grievous: now therefore ease thou somewhat the grievous servitude of thy   
father, and his heavy yoke that he put upon us, and we will serve thee.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, 
Come again unto me after three days. And the people departed.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Rehoboam took counsel  
with the old men that had stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived,   
saying, What counsel give ye me to return answer to this people?</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they spake unto him,    
saying, If thou be kind to this people, and please them, and speak good words   
to them, they will be thy servants for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But he forsook the counsel which the old men gave 
him, and took counsel with the young men that were brought up with him, that    
stood before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he said unto them, What advice give ye that we may return answer to this 
people, which have spoken to me, saying, Ease somewhat the yoke that thy father 
did put upon us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the young men that were brought up with him spake unto him, saying,  
Thus shalt thou answer the people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made 
our yoke heavy, but make thou it somewhat lighter for us; thus shalt thou say   
unto them, My little finger shall be thicker than my father's loins.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For whereas my       
father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more to your yoke: my father       
chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>So Jeroboam and all the   
people came to Rehoboam on the third day, as the king bade, saying, Come again  
to me on the third day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the king answered them roughly; and king Rehoboam forsook the   
counsel of the old men,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And answered them after the advice of the young men, saying, My     
father made your yoke heavy, but I will add thereto: my father chastised you    
with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So the king hearkened not unto    
the people: for the cause was of ELOHIYM, that YHVH might perform his word,     
which he spake by the hand of Ahijah the Shilonite to Jeroboam the son of       
Nebat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when all Israel saw that the king would not hearken unto them, the people       
answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? and we have none      
inheritance in the son of Jesse: every man to your tents, O Israel: and now,    
David, see to thine own house. So all Israel went to their tents.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But as for the children   
of Israel that dwelt in the cities of Judah, Rehoboam reigned over them.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then king       
Rehoboam sent Hadoram that was over the tribute; and the children of Israel     
stoned him with stones, that he died. But king Rehoboam made speed to get him   
up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel rebelled against the house of David  
unto this day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C011.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
