<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C020.htm'>Ezekiel 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, set thy face toward 
Jerusalem, and drop thy word toward the holy places, and prophesy against the   
land of Israel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And say to the land of Israel, Thus saith YHVH; Behold, I am against thee,   
and will draw forth my sword out of his sheath, and will cut off from thee the  
righteous and the wicked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Seeing then that I will cut off from thee the righteous and the     
wicked, therefore shall my sword go forth out of his sheath against all flesh   
from the south to the north:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>    
5</H4></TD><TD><P>That all flesh may know that I YHVH have drawn forth my sword 
out of his sheath: it shall not return any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Sigh therefore, thou son of man,    
with the breaking of thy loins; and with bitterness sigh before their eyes.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be,  
when they say unto thee, Wherefore sighest thou? that thou shalt answer, For    
the tidings; because it cometh: and every heart shall melt, and all hands shall 
be feeble, and every spirit shall faint, and all knees shall be weak as water:  
behold, it cometh, and shall be brought to pass, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Again the word of YHVH 
came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus saith YHVH; Say, A sword, a sword is 
sharpened, and also furbished:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>It is sharpened to make a sore slaughter; it is furbished    
that it may glitter: should we then make mirth? it contemneth the rod of my     
son, as every tree.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And he hath given it to be furbished, that it may be handled: this sword 
is sharpened, and it is furbished, to give it into the hand of the slayer.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Cry and howl,   
son of man: for it shall be upon my people, it shall be upon all the princes of 
Israel: terrors by reason of the sword shall be upon my people: smite therefore 
upon thy thigh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Because it is a trial, and what if the sword contemn even the rod? it shall  
be no more, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14> 
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou therefore, son of man, prophesy, and smite thine    
hands together. and let the sword be doubled the third time, the sword of the   
slain: it is the sword of the great men that are slain, which entereth into     
their privy chambers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>I have set the point of the sword against all their gates, that     
their heart may faint, and their ruins be multiplied: ah! it is made bright, it 
is wrapped up for the slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>   
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Go thee one way or other, either on the right hand, or   
on the left, whithersoever thy face is set.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>I will also smite mine hands together, and I    
will cause my fury to rest: I YHVH have said it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came unto me     
again, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Also, thou son of man, appoint thee two ways, that the sword of the king of  
Babylon may come: both twain shall come forth out of one land: and choose thou  
a place, choose it at the head of the way to the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Appoint a way, that the sword may 
come to Rabbath of the Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For the king of 
Babylon stood at the parting of the way, at the head of the two ways, to use    
divination: he made his arrows bright, he consulted with images, he looked in   
the liver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
At his right hand was the divination for Jerusalem, to appoint captains, to     
open the mouth in the slaughter, to lift up the voice with shouting, to appoint 
battering rams against the gates, to cast a mount, and to build a fort.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be unto 
them as a false divination in their sight, to them that have sworn oaths: but   
he will call to remembrance the iniquity, that they may be taken.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith the  
ADONAY YHVH; Because ye have made your iniquity to be remembered, in that your  
transgressions are discovered, so that in all your doings your sins do appear;  
because, I say, that ye are come to remembrance, ye shall be taken with the     
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
thou, profane wicked prince of Israel, whose day is come, when iniquity shall   
have an end,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>
Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Remove the diadem, and take off the crown: this     
shall not be the same: exalt him that is low, and abase him that is high.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>I will          
overturn, overturn, overturn, it: and it shall be no more, until he come whose  
right it is; and I will give it him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, son of man, prophesy and say, Thus    
saith the ADONAY YHVH concerning the Ammonites, and concerning their reproach;  
even say thou, The sword, the sword is drawn: for the slaughter it is           
furbished, to consume because of the glittering:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Whiles they see vanity unto thee, 
whiles they divine a lie unto thee, to bring thee upon the necks of them that   
are slain, of the wicked, whose day is come, when their iniquity shall have an  
end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall I 
cause it to return into his sheath? I will judge thee in the place where thou   
wast created, in the land of thy nativity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will pour out mine indignation upon thee, 
I will blow against thee in the fire of my wrath, and deliver thee into the     
hand of brutish men, and skilful to destroy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt be for fuel to the fire; thy blood   
shall be in the midst of the land; thou shalt be no more remembered: for I YHVH 
have spoken it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by     
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B26C022.htm'>Ezekiel 22</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
