<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C013.htm'>Ezekiel 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came certain of the elders of Israel unto me, and sat    
before me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, these men have set up their idols in  
their heart, and put the stumblingblock of their iniquity before their face:    
should I be enquired of at all by them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore speak unto them, and say unto them,     
Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Every man of the house of Israel that setteth up    
his idols in his heart, and putteth the stumblingblock of his iniquity before   
his face, and cometh to the prophet; I YHVH will answer him that cometh         
according to the multitude of his idols;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>That I may take the house of Israel in their own  
heart, because they are all estranged from me through their idols.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore say unto the      
house of Israel, Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Repent, and turn yourselves from   
your idols; and turn away your faces from all your abominations.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For every one of the house  
of Israel, or of the stranger that sojourneth in Israel, which separateth       
himself from me, and setteth up his idols in his heart, and putteth the         
stumblingblock of his iniquity before his face, and cometh to a prophet to      
enquire of him concerning me; I YHVH will answer him by myself:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set my face      
against that man, and will make him a sign and a proverb, and I will cut him    
off from the midst of my people; and ye shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the prophet be       
deceived when he hath spoken a thing, I YHVH have deceived that prophet, and I  
will stretch out my hand upon him, and will destroy him from the midst of my    
people Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And they shall bear the punishment of their iniquity: the punishment of the  
prophet shall be even as the punishment of him that seeketh unto him;</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>That the house of    
Israel may go no more astray from me, neither be polluted any more with all     
their transgressions; but that they may be my people, and I may be their        
ELOHIYM, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>
12</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came again to me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, when the land     
sinneth against me by trespassing grievously, then will I stretch out mine hand 
upon it, and will break the staff of the bread thereof, and will send famine    
upon it, and will cut off man and beast from it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Though these three men, Noah,     
Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but their own souls by their   
righteousness, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>If I cause noisome beasts to pass through the   
land, and they spoil it, so that it be desolate, that no man may pass through   
because of the beasts:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Though these three men were in it, as I live, saith the ADONAY      
YHVH, they shall deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only shall be         
delivered, but the land shall be desolate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if I bring a sword upon that land, and say,  
Sword, go through the land; so that I cut off man and beast from it:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Though these three   
men were in it, as I live, saith the ADONAY YHVH, they shall deliver neither    
sons nor daughters, but they only shall be delivered themselves.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if I send a pestilence 
into that land, and pour out my fury upon it in blood, to cut off from it man   
and beast:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Though Noah, Daniel, and Job were in it, as I live, saith the ADONAY YHVH, they 
shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they shall but deliver their own souls  
by their righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; How much more when I send my four   
sore judgments upon Jerusalem, the sword, and the famine, and the noisome       
beast, and the pestilence, to cut off from it man and beast?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet, behold, therein shall be 
left a remnant that shall be brought forth, both sons and daughters: behold,    
they shall come forth unto you, and ye shall see their way and their doings:    
and ye shall be comforted concerning the evil that I have brought upon          
Jerusalem, even concerning all that I have brought upon it.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall comfort you,   
when ye see their ways and their doings: and ye shall know that I have not done 
without cause all that I have done in it, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C015.htm'>Ezekiel 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
