<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C002.htm'>Judges 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now these are the nations which YHVH left, to prove Israel by them, even as     
many of Israel as had not known all the wars of Canaan;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Only that the generations of the    
children of Israel might know, to teach them war, at the least such as before   
knew nothing thereof;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Namely, five lords of the Philistines, and all the Canaanites, and the   
Sidonians, and the Hivites that dwelt in mount Lebanon, from mount Baalhermon   
unto the entering in of Hamath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4> 
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they were to prove Israel by them, to know whether they   
would hearken unto the commandments of YHVH, which he commanded their fathers   
by the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the children of Israel dwelt among the Canaanites, Hittites, and     
Amorites, and Perizzites, and Hivites, and Jebusites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took their daughters to be 
their wives, and gave their daughters to their sons, and served their gods.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children  
of Israel did evil in the sight of YHVH, and forgat YHVH their ELOHIYM, and     
served Baalim and the groves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>   
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the anger of YHVH was hot against Israel, and he    
sold them into the hand of Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia: and the       
children of Israel served Chushanrishathaim eight years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the children of Israel     
cried unto YHVH, YHVH raised up a deliverer to the children of Israel, who      
delivered them, even Othniel the son of Kenaz, Caleb's younger brother.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Spirit of    
YHVH came upon him, and he judged Israel, and went out to war: and YHVH         
delivered Chushanrishathaim king of Mesopotamia into his hand; and his hand     
prevailed against Chushanrishathaim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land had rest forty years. And Othniel  
the son of Kenaz died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of YHVH: and 
YHVH strengthened Eglon the king of Moab against Israel, because they had done  
evil in the sight of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>     
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he gathered unto him the children of Ammon and Amalek,   
and went and smote Israel, and possessed the city of palm trees.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So the children of Israel 
served Eglon the king of Moab eighteen years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>But when the children of Israel cried unto   
YHVH, YHVH raised them up a deliverer, Ehud the son of Gera, a Benjamite, a man 
lefthanded: and by him the children of Israel sent a present unto Eglon the     
king of Moab.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>But Ehud made him a dagger which had two edges, of a cubit length; and he    
did gird it under his raiment upon his right thigh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought the present unto   
Eglon king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had made an end to    
offer the present, he sent away the people that bare the present.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But he himself turned     
again from the quarries that were by Gilgal, and said, I have a secret errand   
unto thee, O king: who said, Keep silence. And all that stood by him went out   
from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Ehud came unto him; and he was sitting in a summer parlor, which he had for 
himself alone. And Ehud said, I have a message from ELOHIYM unto thee. And he   
arose out of his seat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And Ehud put forth his left hand, and took the dagger from his      
right thigh, and thrust it into his belly:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the haft also went in after the blade; and  
the fat closed upon the blade, so that he could not draw the dagger out of his  
belly; and the dirt came out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>  
23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Ehud went forth through the porch, and shut the doors   
of the parlor upon him, and locked them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>When he was gone out, his servants came; and    
when they saw that, behold, the doors of the parlor were locked, they said,     
Surely he covereth his feet in his summer chamber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they tarried till they were   
ashamed: and, behold, he opened not the doors of the parlor; therefore they     
took a key, and opened them: and, behold, their lord was fallen down dead on    
the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Ehud escaped while they tarried, and passed beyond the quarries, and        
escaped unto Seirath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when he was come, that he blew a trumpet in    
the mountain of Ephraim, and the children of Israel went down with him from the 
mount, and he before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>     
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, Follow after me: for YHVH hath        
delivered your enemies the Moabites into your hand. And they went down after    
him, and took the fords of Jordan toward Moab, and suffered not a man to pass   
over.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
they slew of Moab at that time about ten thousand men, all lusty, and all men   
of valor; and there escaped not a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>So Moab was subdued that day under the hand of  
Israel. And the land had rest fourscore years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And after him was Shamgar the son of Anath,  
which slew of the Philistines six hundred men with an ox goad: and he also      
delivered Israel.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by   
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B07C004.htm'>Judges 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
