<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C003.htm'>Numbers 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron,         
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Take   
the sum of the sons of Kohath from among the sons of Levi, after their          
families, by the house of their fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>From thirty years old and upward even until fifty 
years old, all that enter into the host, to do the work in the tabernacle of    
the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>
<P>This shall be the service of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the     
congregation, about the most holy things:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the camp setteth forward, Aaron shall    
come, and his sons, and they shall take down the covering vail, and cover the   
ark of testimony with it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And shall put thereon the covering of badgers' skins, and shall     
spread over it a cloth wholly of blue, and shall put in the staves thereof.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And upon the      
table of showbread they shall spread a cloth of blue, and put thereon the       
dishes, and the spoons, and the bowls, and covers to cover withal: and the      
continual bread shall be thereon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall spread upon them a cloth of scarlet, and   
cover the same with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put in the staves   
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they shall take a cloth of blue, and cover the candlestick of the light, and    
his lamps, and his tongs, and his snuffdishes, and all the oil vessels thereof, 
wherewith they minister unto it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>   
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall put it and all the vessels thereof within 
a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put it upon a bar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And upon the golden altar they    
shall spread a cloth of blue, and cover it with a covering of badgers' skins,   
and shall put to the staves thereof:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall take all the instruments of      
ministry, wherewith they minister in the sanctuary, and put them in a cloth of  
blue, and cover them with a covering of badgers' skins, and shall put them on a 
bar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
they shall take away the ashes from the altar, and spread a purple cloth        
thereon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they shall put upon it all the vessels thereof, wherewith they minister about   
it, even the censers, the fleshhooks, and the shovels, and the basins, all the  
vessels of the altar; and they shall spread upon it a covering of badgers'      
skins, and put to the staves of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Aaron and his sons have made an end of covering 
the sanctuary, and all the vessels of the sanctuary, as the camp is to set      
forward; after that, the sons of Kohath shall come to bear it: but they shall   
not touch any holy thing, lest they die. These things are the burden of the     
sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the office of Eleazar the  
son of Aaron the priest pertaineth the oil for the light, and the sweet         
incense, and the daily meat offering, and the anointing oil, and the oversight  
of all the tabernacle, and of all that therein is, in the sanctuary, and in the 
vessels thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Cut ye not off the tribe of the   
families of the Kohathites from among the Levites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But thus do unto them, that they  
may live, and not die, when they approach unto the most holy things: Aaron and  
his sons shall go in, and appoint them every one to his service and to his      
burden:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
they shall not go in to see when the holy things are covered, lest they die.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake  
unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Take also the sum of the sons of Gershon, throughout the houses of their 
fathers, by their families;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>    
23</H4></TD><TD><P>From thirty years old and upward until fifty years old shalt 
thou number them; all that enter in to perform the service, to do the work in   
the tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the service of the families of the Gershonites,  
to serve, and for burdens:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>     
25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall bear the curtains of the tabernacle, and the  
tabernacle of the congregation, his covering, and the covering of the badgers'  
skins that is above upon it, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of  
the congregation,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the hangings of the court, and the hanging for the door of the gate  
of the court, which is by the tabernacle and by the altar round about, and      
their cords, and all the instruments of their service, and all that is made for 
them: so shall they serve.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>     
27</H4></TD><TD><P>At the appointment of Aaron and his sons shall be all the    
service of the sons of the Gershonites, in all their burdens, and in all their  
service: and ye shall appoint unto them in charge all their burdens.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the service  
of the families of the sons of Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation:   
and their charge shall be under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the        
priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>As   
for the sons of Merari, thou shalt number them after their families, by the     
house of their fathers;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old shalt    
thou number them, every one that entereth into the service, to do the work of   
the tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the charge of their burden, according to all 
their service in the tabernacle of the congregation; the boards of the          
tabernacle, and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and sockets          
thereof,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the pillars of the court round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and    
their cords, with all their instruments, and with all their service: and by     
name ye shall reckon the instruments of the charge of their burden.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the service  
of the families of the sons of Merari, according to all their service, in the   
tabernacle of the congregation, under the hand of Ithamar the son of Aaron the  
priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Moses and Aaron and the chief of the congregation numbered the sons of the      
Kohathites after their families, and after the house of their fathers,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>From thirty years    
old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that entereth into the      
service, for the work in the tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that were numbered  
of them by their families were two thousand seven hundred and fifty.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>These were they that 
were numbered of the families of the Kohathites, all that might do service in   
the tabernacle of the congregation, which Moses and Aaron did number according  
to the commandment of YHVH by the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that were numbered of   
the sons of Gershon, throughout their families, and by the house of their       
fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>    
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that      
entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the                
congregation,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Even those that were numbered of them, throughout their families, by the     
house of their fathers, were two thousand and six hundred and thirty.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>These are they that  
were numbered of the families of the sons of Gershon, of all that might do      
service in the tabernacle of the congregation, whom Moses and Aaron did number  
according to the commandment of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that were numbered of the families of 
the sons of Merari, throughout their families, by the house of their            
fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>    
From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that      
entereth into the service, for the work in the tabernacle of the                
congregation,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Even those that were numbered of them after their families, were three       
thousand and two hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>      
45</H4></TD><TD><P>These be those that were numbered of the families of the     
sons of Merari, whom Moses and Aaron numbered according to the word of YHVH by  
the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>All those that were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and    
the chief of Israel numbered, after their families, and after the house of      
their fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>From thirty years old and upward even unto fifty years old, every one that   
came to do the service of the ministry, and the service of the burden in the    
tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>
48</H4></TD><TD><P>Even those that were numbered of them, were eight thousand   
and five hundred and fourscore,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>
49</H4></TD><TD><P>According to the commandment of YHVH they were numbered by   
the hand of Moses, every one according to his service, and according to his     
burden: thus were they numbered of him, as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C005.htm'>Numbers 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
