<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James       
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C003.htm'>1st Samuel 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the word of Samuel came to all Israel. Now Israel went out against   
the Philistines to battle, and pitched beside Ebenezer: and the Philistines     
pitched in Aphek.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the Philistines put themselves in array against Israel: and when they    
joined battle, Israel was smitten before the Philistines: and they slew of the  
army in the field about four thousand men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the people were come into the camp, the  
elders of Israel said, Wherefore hath YHVH smitten us to day before the         
Philistines? Let us fetch the ark of the covenant of YHVH out of Shiloh unto    
us, that, when it cometh among us, it may save us out of the hand of our        
enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>So    
the people sent to Shiloh, that they might bring from thence the ark of the     
covenant of YHVH of hosts, which dwelleth between the cherubim: and the two     
sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas, were there with the ark of the covenant of    
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when the ark of the covenant of YHVH came into the camp, all Israel shouted     
with a great shout, so that the earth rang again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the Philistines heard the  
noise of the shout, they said, What meaneth the noise of this great shout in    
the camp of the Hebrews? And they understood that the ark of YHVH was come into 
the camp.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the Philistines were afraid, for they said, ELOHIYM is come into the camp. And  
they said, Woe unto us! for there hath not been such a thing heretofore.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto us! who  
shall deliver us out of the hand of these mighty ELOHIYM? these are the ELOHIYM 
that smote the Egyptians with all the plagues in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Be strong and quit          
yourselves like men, O ye Philistines, that ye be not servants unto the         
Hebrews, as they have been to you: quit yourselves like men, and fight.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Philistines  
fought, and Israel was smitten, and they fled every man into his tent: and      
there was a very great slaughter; for there fell of Israel thirty thousand      
footmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the ark of ELOHIYM was taken; and the two sons of Eli, Hophni and Phinehas,     
were slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And there ran a man of Benjamin out of the army, and came to Shiloh the same    
day with his clothes rent, and with earth upon his head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he came, lo, Eli sat     
upon a seat by the wayside watching: for his heart trembled for the ark of      
ELOHIYM. And when the man came into the city, and told it, all the city cried   
out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
when Eli heard the noise of the crying, he said, What meaneth the noise of this 
tumult? And the man came in hastily, and told Eli.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Eli was ninety and eight      
years old; and his eyes were dim, that he could not see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man said unto Eli, I am   
he that came out of the army, and I fled to day out of the army. And he said,   
What is there done, my son?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>    
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the messenger answered and said, Israel is fled before   
the Philistines, and there hath been also a great slaughter among the people,   
and thy two sons also, Hophni and Phinehas, are dead, and the ark of ELOHIYM is 
taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
it came to pass, when he made mention of the ark of ELOHIYM, that he fell from  
off the seat backward by the side of the gate, and his neck brake, and he died: 
for he was an old man, and heavy. And he had judged Israel forty years.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And his daughter in  
law, Phinehas' wife, was with child, near to be delivered: and when she heard   
the tidings that the ark of ELOHIYM was taken, and that her father in law and   
her husband were dead, she bowed herself and travailed; for her pains came upon 
her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
about the time of her death the women that stood by her said unto her, Fear     
not; for thou hast born a son. But she answered not, neither did she regard     
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And she  
named the child Ichabod, saying, The glory is departed from Israel: because the 
ark of ELOHIYM was taken, and because of her father in law and her husband.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said,   
The glory is departed from Israel: for the ark of ELOHIYM is taken.</P></TD>    
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C005.htm'>1st Samuel 5</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
