<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 37 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C036.htm'>Isaiah 36</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 37</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when king Hezekiah heard it, that he     
rent his clothes, and covered himself with sackcloth, and went into the house   
of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he sent Eliakim, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and the     
elders of the priests covered with sackcloth, unto Isaiah the prophet the son   
of Amoz.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they said unto him, Thus saith Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble, and of   
rebuke, and of blasphemy: for the children are come to the birth, and there is  
not strength to bring forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>    
4</H4></TD><TD><P>It may be YHVH thy ELOHIYM will hear the words of Rabshakeh,  
whom the king of Assyria his master hath sent to reproach the living ELOHIYM,   
and will reprove the words which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath heard: wherefore lift up 
thy prayer for the remnant that is left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>So the servants of king Hezekiah came to          
Isaiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Isaiah said unto them, Thus shall ye say unto your master, Thus saith YHVH, Be  
not afraid of the words that thou hast heard, wherewith the servants of the     
king of Assyria have blasphemed me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7> 
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will send a blast upon him, and he shall hear a 
rumour, and return to his own land; and I will cause him to fall by the sword   
in his own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>So Rabshakeh returned, and found the king of Assyria warring against Libnah: 
for he had heard that he was departed from Lachish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he heard say concerning         
Tirhakah king of Ethiopia, He is come forth to make war with thee. And when he  
heard it, he sent messengers to Hezekiah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shall ye speak to Hezekiah   
king of Judah, saying, Let not thy ELOHIYM, in whom thou trustest, deceive      
thee, saying, Jerusalem shall not be given into the hand of the king of         
Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Behold, thou hast heard what the kings of Assyria have done to all lands by     
destroying them utterly; and shalt thou be delivered?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Have the gods of the nations      
delivered them which my fathers have destroyed, as Gozan, and Haran, and        
Rezeph, and the children of Eden which were in Telassar?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Where is the king of Hamath, and  
the king of Arphad, and the king of the city of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah?</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah    
received the letter from the hand of the messengers, and read it: and Hezekiah  
went up unto the house of YHVH, and spread it before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah prayed unto YHVH,    
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>O    
YHVH of hosts, ELOHIYM of Israel, that dwellest between the cherubims, thou art 
the ELOHIYM, even thou alone, of all the kingdoms of the earth: thou hast made  
heaven and earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Incline thine ear, O YHVH, and hear; open thine eyes, O YHVH, and see:   
and hear all the words of Sennacherib, which hath sent to reproach the living   
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
a truth, YHVH, the kings of Assyria have laid waste all the nations, and their  
countries,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And have cast their gods into the fire: for they were no gods, but the work of  
men's hands, wood and stone: therefore they have destroyed them.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, O YHVH our 
ELOHIYM, save us from his hand, that all the kingdoms of the earth may know     
that thou art YHVH, even thou only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Isaiah the son of Amoz sent unto Hezekiah, saying,  
Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, Whereas thou hast prayed to me against       
Sennacherib king of Assyria:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>   
22</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the word which YHVH hath spoken concerning him; The  
virgin, the daughter of Zion, hath despised thee, and laughed thee to scorn;    
the daughter of Jerusalem hath shaken her head at thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Whom hast thou reproached and     
blasphemed? and against whom hast thou exalted thy voice, and lifted up thine   
eyes on high? even against the Holy One of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>By thy servants hast thou         
reproached the ADONAY, and hast said, By the multitude of my chariots am I come 
up to the height of the mountains, to the sides of Lebanon; and I will cut down 
the tall cedars thereof, and the choice fir trees thereof: and I will enter     
into the height of his border, and the forest of his Carmel.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>I have digged, and drunk      
water; and with the sole of my feet have I dried up all the rivers of the       
besieged places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Hast thou not heard long ago, how I have done it; and of ancient times,  
that I have formed it? now have I brought it to pass, that thou shouldest be to 
lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore their inhabitants were of small    
power, they were dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field,  
and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as corn blasted       
before it be grown up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>But I know thy abode, and thy going out, and thy coming in, and thy 
rage against me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Because thy rage against me, and thy tumult, is come up into mine ears,  
therefore will I put my hook in thy nose, and my bridle in thy lips, and I will 
turn thee back by the way by which thou camest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And this shall be a sign unto thee, Ye shall 
eat this year such as groweth of itself; and the second year that which         
springeth of the same: and in the third year sow ye, and reap, and plant        
vineyards, and eat the fruit thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant that is escaped of the house of 
Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>For out of Jerusalem shall go 
forth a remnant, and they that escape out of mount Zion: the zeal of YHVH of    
hosts shall do this.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH concerning the king of Assyria, He shall  
not come into this city, nor shoot an arrow there, nor come before it with      
shields, nor cast a bank against it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>By the way that he came, by the same shall he   
return, and shall not come into this city, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will defend this city to    
save it for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the angel of YHVH went   
forth, and smote in the camp of the Assyrians a hundred and fourscore and five  
thousand: and when they arose early in the morning, behold, they were all dead  
corpses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
Sennacherib king of Assyria departed, and went and returned, and dwelt at       
Nineveh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
it came to pass, as he was worshipping in the house of Nisroch his god, that    
Adrammelech and Sharezer his sons smote him with the sword; and they escaped    
into the land of Armenia: and Esarhaddon his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD> 
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C038.htm'>Isaiah 38</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
