<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C008.htm'>Numbers 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses in the wilderness of    
Sinai, in the first month of the second year after they were come out of the    
land of Egypt, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Let the children of Israel also keep the passover at his appointed  
season.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>In the 
fourteenth day of this month, at even, ye shall keep it in his appointed        
season: according to all the rites of it, and according to all the ceremonies   
thereof, shall ye keep it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Moses spake unto the children of Israel, that they should keep  
the passover.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the first month at even in  
the wilderness of Sinai: according to all that YHVH commanded Moses, so did the 
children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And there were certain men, who were defiled by the dead body of a man,  
that they could not keep the passover on that day: and they came before Moses   
and before Aaron on that day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And those men said unto him, We are defiled by the dead body  
of a man: wherefore are we kept back, that we may not offer an offering of YHVH 
in his appointed season among the children of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto them, Stand     
still, and I will hear what YHVH will command concerning you.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If any man of you or of your         
posterity shall be unclean by reason of a dead body, or be in a journey afar    
off, yet he shall keep the passover unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>The fourteenth day of the second month at    
even they shall keep it, and eat it with unleavened bread and bitter herbs.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall      
leave none of it unto the morning, nor break any bone of it: according to all   
the ordinances of the passover they shall keep it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But the man that is clean, and is 
not in a journey, and forbeareth to keep the passover, even the same soul shall 
be cut off from among his people: because he brought not the offering of YHVH   
in his appointed season, that man shall bear his sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a stranger shall sojourn   
among you, and will keep the passover unto YHVH; according to the ordinance of  
the passover, and according to the manner thereof, so shall he do: ye shall     
have one ordinance, both for the stranger, and for him that was born in the     
land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And on 
the day that the tabernacle was reared up the cloud covered the tabernacle,     
namely, the tent of the testimony: and at even there was upon the tabernacle as 
it were the appearance of fire, until the morning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So it was alway: the cloud        
covered it by day, and the appearance of fire by night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the cloud was taken up   
from the tabernacle, then after that the children of Israel journeyed: and in   
the place where the cloud abode, there the children of Israel pitched their     
tents.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>At    
the commandment of YHVH the children of Israel journeyed, and at the            
commandment of YHVH they pitched: as long as the cloud abode upon the           
tabernacle they rested in their tents.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the cloud tarried long upon the        
tabernacle many days, then the children of Israel kept the charge of YHVH, and  
journeyed not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And so it was, when the cloud was a few days upon the tabernacle; according  
to the commandment of YHVH they abode in their tents, and according to the      
commandment of YHVH they journeyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And so it was, when the cloud abode from even unto the   
morning, and that the cloud was taken up in the morning, then they journeyed:   
whether it was by day or by night that the cloud was taken up, they             
journeyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Or whether it were two days, or a month, or a year, that the cloud tarried upon 
the tabernacle, remaining thereon, the children of Israel abode in their tents, 
and journeyed not: but when it was taken up, they journeyed.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>At the commandment of YHVH    
they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of YHVH they journeyed: they   
kept the charge of YHVH, at the commandment of YHVH by the hand of Moses.</P>   
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C010.htm'>Numbers 10</A></CENTER>   
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
