<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C002.htm'>Revelation 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And unto the angel of the church in Sardis write; These things saith he  
that hath the seven Spirits of ELOHIYM, and the seven stars; I know thy works,  
that thou hast a name that thou livest, and art dead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Be watchful, and strengthen the     
things which remain, that are ready to die: for I have not found thy works      
perfect before ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard, and hold fast, 
and repent. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief,  
and thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou hast a few names even in       
Sardis which have not defiled their garments; and they shall walk with me in    
white: for they are worthy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>     
5</H4></TD><TD><P>He that overcometh, the same shall be clothed in white        
raiment; and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will   
confess his name before my Father, and before his angels.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>He that hath an ear, let him hear   
what the Spirit saith unto the churches.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the angel of the church in Philadelphia    
write; These things saith he that is holy, he that is true, he that hath the    
key of David, he that openeth, and no man shutteth; and shutteth, and no man    
openeth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>I     
know thy works: behold, I have set before thee an open door, and no man can     
shut it: for thou hast a little strength, and hast kept my word, and hast not   
denied my name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Behold, I will make them of the synagogue of Satan, which say they are Jews, 
and are not, but do lie; behold, I will make them to come and worship before    
thy feet, and to know that I have loved thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Because thou hast kept the word of my        
patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come   
upon all the world, to try them that dwell upon the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I come quickly: hold that 
fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Him that overcometh will I make a 
pillar in the temple of my EL, and he shall go no more out: and I will write    
upon him the name of my EL, and the name of the city of my EL, which is new     
Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my EL: and I will write upon    
him my new name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the         
churches.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And unto the angel of the church of the Laodiceans write; These things saith    
the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of       
ELOHIYM;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>I   
know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or   
hot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So then 
because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my 
mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Because thou sayest, I am rich, and increased with goods, and have need of      
nothing; and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and   
blind, and naked:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire, that thou mayest be  
rich; and white raiment, that thou mayest be clothed, and that the shame of thy 
nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that thou mayest  
see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>As many 
as I love, I rebuke and chasten: be zealous therefore, and repent.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I stand at the    
door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to 
him, and will sup with him, and he with me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with 
me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and am set down with my Father in his 
throne.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>He   
that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches.</P></TD>
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C004.htm'>Revelation 4</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
