<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C005.htm'>Daniel 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>It pleased Darius to set over the kingdom an hundred and twenty princes, 
which should be over the whole kingdom;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And over these three presidents; of whom Daniel   
was first: that the princes might give accounts unto them, and the king should  
have no damage.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes, because an  
excellent spirit was in him; and the king thought to set him over the whole     
realm.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
the presidents and princes sought to find occasion against Daniel concerning    
the kingdom; but they could find none occasion nor fault; forasmuch as he was   
faithful, neither was there any error or fault found in him.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said these men, We shall   
not find any occasion against this Daniel, except we find it against him        
concerning the law of his ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then these presidents and princes assembled together to the   
king, and said thus unto him, King Darius, live for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>All the presidents of the kingdom,  
the governors, and the princes, the counsellors, and the captains, have         
consulted together to establish a royal statute, and to make a firm decree,     
that whosoever shall ask a petition of any ELAHH or man for thirty days, save   
of thee, O king, he shall be cast into the den of lions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Now, O king, establish the decree,  
and sign the writing, that it be not changed, according to the law of the Medes 
and Persians, which altereth not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore king Darius signed the writing and the          
decree.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now  
when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, he went into his house; and his   
windows being open in his chamber toward Jerusalem, he kneeled upon his knees   
three times a day, and prayed, and gave thanks before his ELAHH, as he did      
aforetime.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then these men assembled, and found Daniel praying and making supplication      
before his ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then they came near, and spake before the king concerning the king's     
decree; Hast thou not signed a decree, that every man that shall ask a petition 
of any ELAHH or man within thirty days, save of thee, O king, shall be cast     
into the den of lions? The king answered and said, The thing is true, according 
to the law of the Medes and Persians, which altereth not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then answered they and said       
before the king, That Daniel, which is of the children of the captivity of      
Judah, regardeth not thee, O king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but    
maketh his petition three times a day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king, when he heard these words, was   
sore displeased with himself, and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him: and   
he laboured till the going down of the sun to deliver him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then these men assembled unto the 
king, and said unto the king, Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and       
Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king establisheth may be      
changed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then the king commanded, and they brought Daniel, and cast him into the den of  
lions. Now the king spake and said unto Daniel, Thy ELAHH whom thou servest     
continually, he will deliver thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And a stone was brought, and laid upon the mouth of the  
den; and the king sealed it with his own signet, and with the signet of his     
lords; that the purpose might not be changed concerning Daniel.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king went to his 
palace, and passed the night fasting: neither were instruments of musick        
brought before him: and his sleep went from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king arose very early in 
the morning, and went in haste unto the den of lions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he came to the den, he   
cried with a lamentable voice unto Daniel: and the king spake and said to       
Daniel, O Daniel, servant of the living ELAHH, is thy ELAHH, whom thou servest  
continually, able to deliver thee from the lions?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Daniel unto the king, O 
king, live for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>My ELAHH hath sent his angel, and hath shut the lions' mouths, that 
they have not hurt me: forasmuch as before him innocency was found in me; and   
also before thee, O king, have I done no hurt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then was the king exceedingly glad for him,  
and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. So Daniel was     
taken up out of the den, and no manner of hurt was found upon him, because he   
believed in his ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the king commanded, and they brought those men which had        
accused Daniel, and they cast them into the den of lions, them, their children, 
and their wives; and the lions had the mastery of them, and brake all their     
bones in pieces or ever they came at the bottom of the den.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then king Darius wrote unto   
all people, nations, and languages, that dwell in all the earth; Peace be       
multiplied unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>I make a decree, That in every dominion of my kingdom men tremble   
and fear before the ELAHH of Daniel: for he is the living ELAHH, and stedfast   
for ever, and his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed, and his dominion   
shall be even unto the end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>    
27</H4></TD><TD><P>He delivereth and rescueth, and he worketh signs and wonders 
in heaven and in earth, who hath delivered Daniel from the power of the         
lions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So    
this Daniel prospered in the reign of Darius, and in the reign of Cyrus the     
Persian.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.    
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C007.htm'>Daniel 7</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
