<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C005.htm'>Leviticus 5</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>If a   
soul sin, and commit a trespass against YHVH, and lie unto his neighbor in that 
which was delivered him to keep, or in fellowship, or in a thing taken away by  
violence, or hath deceived his neighbor;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Or have found that which was lost, and lieth      
concerning it, and sweareth falsely; in any of all these that a man doeth,      
sinning therein:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then it shall be, because he hath sinned, and is guilty, that he shall       
restore that which he took violently away, or the thing which he hath           
deceitfully gotten, or that which was delivered him to keep, or the lost thing  
which he found,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Or all that about which he hath sworn falsely; he shall even restore it in   
the principal, and shall add the fifth part more thereto, and give it unto him  
to whom it appertaineth, in the day of his trespass offering.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall bring his trespass 
offering unto YHVH, a ram without blemish out of the flock, with thy            
estimation, for a trespass offering, unto the priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall make an        
atonement for him before YHVH: and it shall be forgiven him for any thing of    
all that he hath done in trespassing therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Command Aaron and his  
sons, saying, This is the law of the burnt offering: It is the burnt offering,  
because of the burning upon the altar all night unto the morning, and the fire  
of the altar shall be burning in it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall put on his linen garment,  
and his linen breeches shall he put upon his flesh, and take up the ashes which 
the fire hath consumed with the burnt offering on the altar, and he shall put   
them beside the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And he shall put off his garments, and put on other garments, and   
carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fire upon the altar shall 
be burning in it; it shall not be put out: and the priest shall burn wood on it 
every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it; and he shall burn   
thereon the fat of the peace offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar;  
it shall never go out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And this is the law of the meat offering: the sons of Aaron shall   
offer it before YHVH, before the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take of it his handful, of the     
flour of the meat offering, and of the oil thereof, and all the frankincense    
which is upon the meat offering, and shall burn it upon the altar for a sweet   
savor, even the memorial of it, unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remainder thereof shall Aaron and his   
sons eat: with unleavened bread shall it be eaten in the holy place; in the     
court of the tabernacle of the congregation they shall eat it.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall not be baked with    
leaven. I have given it unto them for their portion of my offerings made by     
fire; it is most holy, as is the sin offering, and as the trespass offering.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>All the males   
among the children of Aaron shall eat of it. It shall be a statute for ever in  
your generations concerning the offerings of YHVH made by fire: every one that  
toucheth them shall be holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>   
19</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the offering of Aaron and 
of his sons, which they shall offer unto YHVH in the day when he is anointed;   
the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a meat offering perpetual, half of 
it in the morning, and half thereof at night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>In a pan it shall be made with oil; and when 
it is baked, thou shalt bring it in: and the baked pieces of the meat offering  
shalt thou offer for a sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest of his sons that is anointed  
in his stead shall offer it: it is a statute for ever unto YHVH; it shall be    
wholly burnt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>For every meat offering for the priest shall be wholly burnt: it shall not   
be eaten.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25> 
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto Aaron and to his sons, saying, This is the    
law of the sin offering: In the place where the burnt offering is killed shall  
the sin offering be killed before YHVH: it is most holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>The priest that offereth it for   
sin shall eat it: in the holy place shall it be eaten, in the court of the      
tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>
27</H4></TD><TD><P>Whatsoever shall touch the flesh thereof shall be holy: and  
when there is sprinkled of the blood thereof upon any garment, thou shalt wash  
that whereon it was sprinkled in the holy place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But the earthen vessel wherein it 
is sodden shall be broken: and if it be sodden in a brazen pot, it shall be     
both scoured, and rinsed in water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29> 
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>All the males among the priests shall eat thereof: it is 
most holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And no sin offering, whereof any of the blood is brought into the tabernacle of 
the congregation to reconcile withal in the holy place, shall be eaten: it      
shall be burnt in the fire.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B03C007.htm'>Leviticus 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
