<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C005.htm'>Ezekiel 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, set thy face toward 
the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And say, Ye mountains of Israel,    
hear the word of the ADONAY YHVH; Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH to the mountains,  
and to the hills, to the rivers, and to the valleys; Behold, I, even I, will    
bring a sword upon you, and I will destroy your high places.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And your altars shall be        
desolate, and your images shall be broken: and I will cast down your slain men  
before your idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And I will lay the dead carcases of the children of Israel before their  
idols; and I will scatter your bones round about your altars.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>In all your dwellingplaces the  
cities shall be laid waste, and the high places shall be desolate; that your    
altars may be laid waste and made desolate, and your idols may be broken and    
cease, and your images may be cut down, and your works may be abolished.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the slain     
shall fall in the midst of you, and ye shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet will I leave a remnant, 
that ye may have some that shall escape the sword among the nations, when ye    
shall be scattered through the countries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they that escape of you shall remember me     
among the nations whither they shall be carried captives, because I am broken   
with their whorish heart, which hath departed from me, and with their eyes,     
which go a whoring after their idols: and they shall lothe themselves for the   
evils which they have committed in all their abominations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall know that I am     
YHVH, and that I have not said in vain that I would do this evil unto them.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the  
ADONAY YHVH; Smite with thine hand, and stamp with thy foot, and say, Alas for  
all the evil abominations of the house of Israel! for they shall fall by the    
sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>He that is far off shall die of the pestilence; 
and he that is near shall fall by the sword; and he that remaineth and is       
besieged shall die by the famine: thus will I accomplish my fury upon them.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall ye   
know that I am YHVH, when their slain men shall be among their idols round      
about their altars, upon every high hill, in all the tops of the mountains, and 
under every green tree, and under every thick oak, the place where they did     
offer sweet savour to all their idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So will I stretch out my hand upon them, and    
make the land desolate, yea, more desolate than the wilderness toward Diblath,  
in all their habitations: and they shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C007.htm'>Ezekiel 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
