<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C010.htm'>Revelation 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And there was given me a reed like unto a rod: and the angel stood,      
saying, Rise, and measure the temple of ELOHIYM, and the altar, and them that   
worship therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But the court which is without the temple leave out, and measure it not; for 
it is given unto the Gentiles: and the holy city shall they tread under foot    
forty and two months.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And I will give power unto my two witnesses, and they shall prophesy a   
thousand two hundred and threescore days, clothed in sackcloth.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the two olive     
trees, and the two candlesticks standing before the ELOHIYM of the earth.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And if any man    
will hurt them, fire proceedeth out of their mouth, and devoureth their         
enemies: and if any man will hurt them, he must in this manner be killed.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>These have power  
to shut heaven, that it rain not in the days of their prophecy: and have power  
over waters to turn them to blood, and to smite the earth with all plagues, as  
often as they will.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that        
ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall      
overcome them, and kill them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>   
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And their dead bodies shall lie in the street of the great    
city, which spiritually is called Sodom and Egypt, where also our ADONAY was    
crucified.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they of the people and kindreds and tongues and nations shall see their dead    
bodies three days and an half, and shall not suffer their dead bodies to be put 
in graves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And they that dwell upon the earth shall rejoice over them, and make merry, and 
shall send gifts one to another; because these two prophets tormented them that 
dwelt on the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And after three days and an half the spirit of life from ELOHIYM entered 
into them, and they stood upon their feet; and great fear fell upon them which  
saw them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And they heard a great voice from heaven saying unto them, Come up hither. And  
they ascended up to heaven in a cloud; and their enemies beheld them.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the same hour    
was there a great earthquake, and the tenth part of the city fell, and in the   
earthquake were slain of men seven thousand: and the remnant were affrighted,   
and gave glory to the ELOHIYM of heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>The second woe is past; and, behold, the third  
woe cometh quickly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the seventh angel sounded; and there were great voices in heaven,    
saying, The kingdoms of this world are become the kingdoms of our YHVH, and of  
his MASHIYACH; and ADONAY YHVH shall reign for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the four and twenty       
elders, which sat before ELOHIYM on their seats, fell upon their faces, and     
worshipped ELOHIYM,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Saying, We give thee thanks, O YHVH EL SHADDAY, which art, and wast, and 
art to come; because thou hast taken to thee thy great power, and hast          
reigned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that   
they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants    
the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great;  
and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the temple of ELOHIYM was     
opened in heaven, and there was seen in his temple the ark of his testament:    
and there were lightnings, and voices, and thunderings, and an earthquake, and  
great hail.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. 
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C012.htm'>Revelation 12</A>   
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
