<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James    
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C008.htm'>1st Kings 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First     
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And it came to pass, when Solomon had finished the building of the house 
of YHVH, and the king's house, and all Solomon's desire which he was pleased to 
do,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That YHVH  
appeared to Solomon the second time, as he had appeared unto him at Gibeon.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said     
unto him, I have heard thy prayer and thy supplication, that thou hast made     
before me: I have hallowed this house, which thou hast built, to put my name    
there for ever; and mine eyes and mine heart shall be there perpetually.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou wilt  
walk before me, as David thy father walked, in integrity of heart, and in       
uprightness, to do according to all that I have commanded thee, and wilt keep   
my statutes and my judgments:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>   
5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I will establish the throne of thy kingdom upon Israel   
for ever, as I promised to David thy father, saying, There shall not fail thee  
a man upon the throne of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye shall at all turn from following me, ye or your     
children, and will not keep my commandments and my statutes which I have set    
before you, but go and serve other gods, and worship them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I cut off Israel out of   
the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have hallowed for my  
name, will I cast out of my sight; and Israel shall be a proverb and a byword   
among all people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And at this house, which is high, every one that passeth by it shall be      
astonished, and shall hiss; and they shall say, Why hath YHVH done thus unto    
this land, and to this house?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>   
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall answer, Because they forsook YHVH their        
ELOHIYM, who brought forth their fathers out of the land of Egypt, and have     
taken hold upon other gods, and have worshipped them, and served them:          
therefore hath YHVH brought upon them all this evil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the end of 
twenty years, when Solomon had built the two houses, the house of YHVH, and the 
king's house,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>(Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furnished Solomon with cedar trees and fir   
trees, and with gold, according to all his desire,) that then king Solomon gave 
Hiram twenty cities in the land of Galilee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hiram came out from Tyre to see the cities  
which Solomon had given him; and they pleased him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, What cities are      
these which thou hast given me, my brother? And he called them the land of      
Cabul unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Hiram sent to the king sixscore talents of gold.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the reason of 
the levy which king Solomon raised; for to build the house of YHVH, and his own 
house, and Millo, and the wall of Jerusalem, and Hazor, and Megiddo, and        
Gezer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
Pharaoh king of Egypt had gone up, and taken Gezer, and burnt it with fire, and 
slain the Canaanites that dwelt in the city, and given it for a present unto    
his daughter, Solomon's wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon built Gezer, and Bethhoron the nether,</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Baalath, and     
Tadmor in the wilderness, in the land,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the cities of store that Solomon had,   
and cities for his chariots, and cities for his horsemen, and that which        
Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of   
his dominion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And all the people that were left of the Amorites, Hittites, Perizzites,     
Hivites, and Jebusites, which were not of the children of Israel,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Their children that were  
left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel also were not able     
utterly to destroy, upon those did Solomon levy a tribute of bondservice unto   
this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But of the children of Israel did Solomon make no bondmen: but they were men of 
war, and his servants, and his princes, and his captains, and rulers of his     
chariots, and his horsemen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>    
23</H4></TD><TD><P>These were the chief of the officers that were over          
Solomon's work, five hundred and fifty, which bare rule over the people that    
wrought in the work.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>But Pharaoh's daughter came up out of the city of David unto her    
house which Solomon had built for her: then did he build Millo.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And three times in a year 
did Solomon offer burnt offerings and peace offerings upon the altar which he   
built unto YHVH, and he burnt incense upon the altar that was before YHVH. So   
he finished the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And king Solomon made a navy of ships in Eziongeber, which is       
beside Eloth, on the shore of the Red sea, in the land of Edom.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hiram sent in the     
navy his servants, shipmen that had knowledge of the sea, with the servants of  
Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they came to Ophir, and fetched from thence gold, four hundred and twenty       
talents, and brought it to king Solomon.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software 
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B11C010.htm'>1st Kings 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
