<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C003.htm'>Judges 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of YHVH, when Ehud was   
dead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH 
sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, that reigned in Hazor; the     
captain of whose host was Sisera, which dwelt in Harosheth of the Gentiles.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children  
of Israel cried unto YHVH: for he had nine hundred chariots of iron; and twenty 
years he mightily oppressed the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Deborah, a prophetess, the wife 
of Lapidoth, she judged Israel at that time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And she dwelt under the palm tree of Deborah      
between Ramah and Bethel in mount Ephraim: and the children of Israel came up   
to her for judgment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And she sent and called Barak the son of Abinoam out of Kedeshnaphtali,  
and said unto him, Hath not YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel commanded, saying, Go and    
draw toward mount Tabor, and take with thee ten thousand men of the children of 
Naphtali and of the children of Zebulun?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will draw unto thee to the river Kishon     
Sisera, the captain of Jabin's army, with his chariots and his multitude; and I 
will deliver him into thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Barak said unto her, If thou wilt go with me, then I  
will go: but if thou wilt not go with me, then I will not go.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said, I will surely go  
with thee: notwithstanding the journey that thou takest shall not be for thine  
honor; for YHVH shall sell Sisera into the hand of a woman. And Deborah arose,  
and went with Barak to Kedesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Barak called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kedesh; and he went 
up with ten thousand men at his feet: and Deborah went up with him.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Heber the        
Kenite, which was of the children of Hobab the father in law of Moses, had      
severed himself from the Kenites, and pitched his tent unto the plain of        
Zaanaim, which is by Kedesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they showed Sisera that Barak the son of Abinoam was     
gone up to mount Tabor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And Sisera gathered together all his chariots, even nine hundred    
chariots of iron, and all the people that were with him, from Harosheth of the  
Gentiles unto the river of Kishon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14> 
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Deborah said unto Barak, Up; for this is the day in  
which YHVH hath delivered Sisera into thine hand: is not YHVH gone out before   
thee? So Barak went down from mount Tabor, and ten thousand men after him.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH        
discomfited Sisera, and all his chariots, and all his host, with the edge of    
the sword before Barak; so that Sisera lighted down off his chariot, and fled   
away on his feet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But Barak pursued after the chariots, and after the host, unto Harosheth 
of the Gentiles: and all the host of Sisera fell upon the edge of the sword;    
and there was not a man left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit Sisera fled away on his feet to the tent of Jael the 
wife of Heber the Kenite: for there was peace between Jabin the king of Hazor   
and the house of Heber the Kenite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18> 
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jael went out to meet Sisera, and said unto him,     
Turn in, my lord, turn in to me; fear not. And when he had turned in unto her   
into the tent, she covered him with a mantle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto her, Give me, I pray thee,  
a little water to drink; for I am thirsty. And she opened a bottle of milk, and 
gave him drink, and covered him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>   
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Again he said unto her, Stand in the door of the tent,   
and it shall be, when any man doth come and inquire of thee, and say, Is there  
any man here? that thou shalt say, No.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jael Heber's wife took a nail of the tent, 
and took an hammer in her hand, and went softly unto him, and smote the nail    
into his temples, and fastened it into the ground: for he was fast asleep and   
weary. So he died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And, behold, as Barak pursued Sisera, Jael came out to meet him, and     
said unto him, Come, and I will show thee the man whom thou seekest. And when   
he came into her tent, behold, Sisera lay dead, and the nail was in his         
temples.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
ELOHIYM subdued on that day Jabin the king of Canaan before the children of     
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed against Jabin the   
king of Canaan, until they had destroyed Jabin king of Canaan.</P></TD></TR>    
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C005.htm'>Judges 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
