<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C012.htm'>Judges 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the children of Israel did evil again in the sight of YHVH; and YHVH        
delivered them into the hand of the Philistines forty years.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was a certain man of  
Zorah, of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah; and his wife was    
barren, and bare not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the angel of YHVH appeared unto the woman, and said unto her, Behold 
now, thou art barren, and bearest not: but thou shalt conceive, and bear a      
son.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Now       
therefore beware, I pray thee, and drink not wine nor strong drink, and eat not 
any unclean thing:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For, lo, thou shalt conceive, and bear a son; and no razor shall come on 
his head: for the child shall be a Nazarite unto ELOHIYM from the womb: and he  
shall begin to deliver Israel out of the hand of the Philistines.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the woman came and     
told her husband, saying, A man of ELOHIYM came unto me, and his countenance    
was like the countenance of an angel of ELOHIYM, very terrible: but I asked him 
not whence he was, neither told he me his name:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But he said unto me, Behold, thou shalt        
conceive, and bear a son; and now drink no wine nor strong drink, neither eat   
any unclean thing: for the child shall be a Nazarite to ELOHIYM from the womb   
to the day of his death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Then Manoah intreated YHVH, and said, O my YHVH, let the man of     
ELOHIYM which thou didst send come again unto us, and teach us what we shall do 
unto the child that shall be born.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>  
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM hearkened to the voice of Manoah; and the     
angel of ELOHIYM came again unto the woman as she sat in the field: but Manoah  
her husband was not with her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the woman made haste, and ran, and showed her husband,   
and said unto him, Behold, the man hath appeared unto me, that came unto me the 
other day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Manoah arose, and went after his wife, and came to the man, and said unto   
him, Art thou the man that spakest unto the woman? And he said, I am.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Manoah said, Now 
let thy words come to pass. How shall we order the child, and how shall we do   
unto him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the angel of YHVH said unto Manoah, Of all that I said unto the woman let   
her beware.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P> 
She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine, neither let her drink     
wine or strong drink, nor eat any unclean thing: all that I commanded her let   
her observe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Manoah said unto the angel of YHVH, I pray thee, let us detain thee, until  
we shall have made ready a kid for thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel of YHVH said unto Manoah, Though  
thou detain me, I will not eat of thy bread: and if thou wilt offer a burnt     
offering, thou must offer it unto YHVH. For Manoah knew not that he was an      
angel of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And Manoah said unto the angel of YHVH, What is thy name, that when thy      
sayings come to pass we may do thee honor?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel of YHVH said unto him, Why askest 
thou thus after my name, seeing it is secret?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>So Manoah took a kid with a meat offering,   
and offered it upon a rock unto YHVH: and the angel did wonderously; and Manoah 
and his wife looked on.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For it came to pass, when the flame went up toward heaven from off  
the altar, that the angel of YHVH ascended in the flame of the altar. And       
Manoah and his wife looked on it, and fell on their faces to the ground.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But the angel   
of YHVH did no more appear to Manoah and to his wife. Then Manoah knew that he  
was an angel of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Manoah said unto his wife, We shall surely die, because we have 
seen ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>But his wife said unto him, If YHVH were pleased to kill us, he would not    
have received a burnt offering and a meat offering at our hands, neither would  
he have showed us all these things, nor would as at this time have told us such 
things as these.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the woman bare a son, and called his name Samson: and the child      
grew, and YHVH blessed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>    
25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Spirit of YHVH began to move him at times in the     
camp of Dan between Zorah and Eshtaol.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software   
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B07C014.htm'>Judges 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
