<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 24 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C023.htm'>1st Samuel 23</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it came to pass, when Saul was returned from following the           
Philistines, that it was told him, saying, Behold, David is in the wilderness   
of Engedi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then Saul took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went to seek    
David and his men upon the rocks of the wild goats.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he came to the sheepcotes by    
the way, where was a cave; and Saul went in to cover his feet: and David and    
his men remained in the sides of the cave.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of David said unto him, Behold the    
day of which YHVH said unto thee, Behold, I will deliver thine enemy into thine 
hand, that thou mayest do to him as it shall seem good unto thee. Then David    
arose, and cut off the skirt of Saul's robe privily.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass afterward, that 
David's heart smote him, because he had cut off Saul's skirt.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto his men, YHVH  
forbid that I should do this thing unto my master, YHVH's anointed, to stretch  
forth mine hand against him, seeing he is the anointed of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>So David stayed his         
servants with these words, and suffered them not to rise against Saul. But Saul 
rose up out of the cave, and went on his way.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>David also arose afterward, and went out of    
the cave, and cried after Saul, saying, My lord the king. And when Saul looked  
behind him, David stooped with his face to the earth, and bowed himself.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said to 
Saul, Wherefore hearest thou men's words, saying, Behold, David seeketh thy     
hurt?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Behold, this day thine eyes have seen how that YHVH had delivered thee to day   
into mine hand in the cave: and some bade me kill thee: but mine eye spared     
thee; and I said, I will not put forth mine hand against my lord; for he is     
YHVH's anointed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Moreover, my father, see, yea, see the skirt of thy robe in my hand: for 
in that I cut off the skirt of thy robe, and killed thee not, know thou and see 
that there is neither evil nor transgression in mine hand, and I have not       
sinned against thee; yet thou huntest my soul to take it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH judge between me and thee,   
and YHVH avenge me of thee: but mine hand shall not be upon thee.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>As saith the proverb of   
the ancients, Wickedness proceedeth from the wicked: but mine hand shall not be 
upon thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
After whom is the king of Israel come out? after whom dost thou pursue? after a 
dead dog, after a flea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>YHVH therefore be judge, and judge between me and thee, and see,    
and plead my cause, and deliver me out of thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when David   
had made an end of speaking these words unto Saul, that Saul said, Is this thy  
voice, my son David? And Saul lifted up his voice, and wept.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said to David, Thou    
art more righteous than I: for thou hast rewarded me good, whereas I have       
rewarded thee evil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And thou hast showed this day how that thou hast dealt well with me:     
forasmuch as when YHVH had delivered me into thine hand, thou killedst me       
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For if  
a man find his enemy, will he let him go well away? wherefore YHVH reward thee  
good for that thou hast done unto me this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, behold, I know well that thou shalt 
surely be king, and that the kingdom of Israel shall be established in thine    
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Swear  
now therefore unto me by YHVH, that thou wilt not cut off my seed after me, and 
that thou wilt not destroy my name out of my father's house.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And David sware unto Saul.    
And Saul went home; but David and his men gat them up unto the hold.</P></TD>   
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C025.htm'>1st Samuel 25</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
