<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 65 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C064.htm'>Isaiah 64</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 65</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>I am sought of them that asked not for me; I am found of them 
that sought me not: I said, Behold me, behold me, unto a nation that was not    
called by my name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>I have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people, which   
walketh in a way that was not good, after their own thoughts;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>A people that provoketh me to   
anger continually to my face; that sacrificeth in gardens, and burneth incense  
upon altars of brick;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Which remain among the graves, and lodge in the monuments, which eat     
swine's flesh, and broth of abominable things is in their vessels;</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Which say, Stand by         
thyself, come not near to me; for I am holier than thou. These are a smoke in   
my nose, a fire that burneth all the day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, it is written before me: I will not keep  
silence, but will recompense, even recompense into their bosom,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Your iniquities, and the    
iniquities of your fathers together, saith YHVH, which have burned incense upon 
the mountains, and blasphemed me upon the hills: therefore will I measure their 
former work into their bosom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>   
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, As the new wine is found in the cluster, and 
one saith, Destroy it not; for a blessing is in it: so will I do for my         
servants' sakes, that I may not destroy them all.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring forth a seed out   
of Jacob, and out of Judah an inheritor of my mountains: and mine elect shall   
inherit it, and my servants shall dwell there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Sharon shall be a fold of flocks, and    
the valley of Achor a place for the herds to lie down in, for my people that    
have sought me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>But ye are they that forsake YHVH, that forget my holy mountain, that        
prepare a table for that troop, and that furnish the drink offering unto that   
number.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Therefore will I number you to the sword, and ye shall all bow down to the      
slaughter: because when I called, ye did not answer; when I spake, ye did not   
hear; but did evil before mine eyes, and did choose that wherein I delighted    
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH, Behold, my servants shall eat, but ye     
shall be hungry: behold, my servants shall drink, but ye shall be thirsty:      
behold, my servants shall rejoice, but ye shall be ashamed:</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, my servants shall     
sing for joy of heart, but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart, and shall howl for 
vexation of spirit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And ye shall leave your name for a curse unto my chosen: for the ADONAY  
YHVH shall slay thee, and call his servants by another name:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>That he who blesseth himself  
in the earth shall bless himself in the ELOHIYM of truth; and he that sweareth  
in the earth shall swear by the ELOHIYM of truth; because the former troubles   
are forgotten, and because they are hid from mine eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For, behold, I create new heavens 
and a new earth: and the former shall not be remembered, nor come into mind.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But be ye glad  
and rejoice for ever in that which I create: for, behold, I create Jerusalem a  
rejoicing, and her people a joy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>   
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and joy in my people:   
and the voice of weeping shall be no more heard in her, nor the voice of        
crying.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>     
There shall be no more thence an infant of days, nor an old man that hath not   
filled his days: for the child shall die an hundred years old; but the sinner   
being an hundred years old shall be accursed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall build houses, and inhabit     
them; and they shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall not build, and 
another inhabit; they shall not plant, and another eat: for as the days of a    
tree are the days of my people, and mine elect shall long enjoy the work of     
their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>
They shall not labour in vain, nor bring forth for trouble; for they are the    
seed of the blessed of YHVH, and their offspring with them.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass,    
that before they call, I will answer; and while they are yet speaking, I will   
hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>The    
wolf and the lamb shall feed together, and the lion shall eat straw like the    
bullock: and dust shall be the serpent's meat. They shall not hurt nor destroy  
in all my holy mountain, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is  
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B23C066.htm'>Isaiah 66</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
