<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Amos, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B29C003.htm'>Joel 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the    
Prophet Amos</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>       
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>The words of Amos, who was among the herdmen of Tekoa, which he saw      
concerning Israel in the days of Uzziah king of Judah, and in the days of       
Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel, two years before the earthquake.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, YHVH 
will roar from Zion, and utter his voice from Jerusalem; and the habitations of 
the shepherds shall mourn, and the top of Carmel shall wither.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; For three      
transgressions of Damascus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment   
thereof; because they have threshed Gilead with threshing instruments of        
iron:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But I    
will send a fire into the house of Hazael, which shall devour the palaces of    
Benhadad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>I    
will break also the bar of Damascus, and cut off the inhabitant from the plain  
of Aven, and him that holdeth the sceptre from the house of Eden: and the       
people of Syria shall go into captivity unto Kir, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; For three      
transgressions of Gaza, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment       
thereof; because they carried away captive the whole captivity, to deliver them 
up to Edom:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But I will send a fire on the wall of Gaza, which shall devour the palaces      
thereof:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I 
will cut off the inhabitant from Ashdod, and him that holdeth the sceptre from  
Ashkelon, and I will turn mine hand against Ekron: and the remnant of the       
Philistines shall perish, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; For three          
transgressions of Tyrus, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment      
thereof; because they delivered up the whole captivity to Edom, and remembered  
not the brotherly covenant:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>    
10</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyrus, which shall     
devour the palaces thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>    
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; For three transgressions of Edom, and for   
four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because he did pursue his    
brother with the sword, and did cast off all pity, and his anger did tear       
perpetually, and he kept his wrath for ever:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will send a fire upon Teman, which shall  
devour the palaces of Bozrah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>  
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; For three transgressions of the children of 
Ammon, and for four, I will not turn away the punishment thereof; because they  
have ripped up the women with child of Gilead, that they might enlarge their    
border:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
I will kindle a fire in the wall of Rabbah, and it shall devour the palaces     
thereof, with shouting in the day of battle, with a tempest in the day of the   
whirlwind:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And their king shall go into captivity, he and his princes together, saith      
YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B30C002.htm'>Amos 2</A></CENTER></P>   
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
