<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B13C021.htm'>1st Chronicles 21</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The First Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David said, This is the    
house of YHVH ELOHIYM, and this is the altar of the burnt offering for          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
David commanded to gather together the strangers that were in the land of       
Israel; and he set masons to hew wrought stones to build the house of           
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
David prepared iron in abundance for the nails for the doors of the gates, and  
for the joinings; and brass in abundance without weight;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Also cedar trees in abundance: for  
the Zidonians and they of Tyre brought much cedar wood to David.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said, Solomon my  
son is young and tender, and the house that is to be builded for YHVH must be   
exceeding magnificent, of fame and of glory throughout all countries: I will    
therefore now make preparation for it. So David prepared abundantly before his  
death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he 
called for Solomon his son, and charged him to build an house for YHVH ELOHIYM  
of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
David said to Solomon, My son, as for me, it was in my mind to build an house   
unto the name of YHVH my ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But the word of YHVH came to me, saying, Thou hast shed   
blood abundantly, and hast made great wars: thou shalt not build an house unto  
my name, because thou hast shed much blood upon the earth in my sight.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, a son shall be 
born to thee, who shall be a man of rest; and I will give him rest from all his 
enemies round about: for his name shall be Solomon, and I will give peace and   
quietness unto Israel in his days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10> 
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall build an house for my name; and he shall be my  
son, and I will be his father; and I will establish the throne of his kingdom   
over Israel for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Now, my son, YHVH be with thee; and prosper thou, and build the     
house of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, as he hath said of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Only YHVH give thee wisdom and    
understanding, and give thee charge concerning Israel, that thou mayest keep    
the law of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou prosper, if thou takest heed to fulfil the   
statutes and judgments which YHVH charged Moses with concerning Israel: be      
strong, and of good courage; dread not, nor be dismayed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Now, behold, in my trouble I have 
prepared for the house of YHVH an hundred thousand talents of gold, and a       
thousand thousand talents of silver; and of brass and iron without weight; for  
it is in abundance: timber also and stone have I prepared; and thou mayest add  
thereto.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Moreover there are workmen with thee in abundance, hewers and workers of stone  
and timber, and all manner of cunning men for every manner of work.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the gold, the     
silver, and the brass, and the iron, there is no number. Arise therefore, and   
be doing, and YHVH be with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>   
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>David also commanded all the princes of Israel to help   
Solomon his son, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Is not YHVH your ELOHIYM with you? and hath he not given you rest   
on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand;    
and the land is subdued before YHVH, and before his people.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Now set your heart and your   
soul to seek YHVH your ELOHIYM; arise therefore, and build ye the sanctuary of  
YHVH ELOHIYM, to bring the ark of the covenant of YHVH, and the holy vessels of 
ELOHIYM, into the house that is to be built to the name of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B13C023.htm'>1st Chronicles 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
