<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C019.htm'>2nd Kings 19</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In those days was Hezekiah sick unto death. And the prophet Isaiah the   
son of Amoz came to him, and said unto him, Thus saith YHVH, Set thine house in 
order; for thou shalt die, and not live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he turned his face to the wall, and prayed   
unto YHVH, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>I beseech thee, O YHVH, remember now how I have walked before thee in    
truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight.  
And Hezekiah wept sore.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, afore Isaiah was gone out into the middle      
court, that the word of YHVH came to him, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the   
captain of my people, Thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of David thy father, I have  
heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will heal thee: on the third 
day thou shalt go up unto the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I 
will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria; and I   
will defend this city for mine own sake, and for my servant David's sake.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Isaiah said,  
Take a lump of figs. And they took and laid it on the boil, and he              
recovered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Hezekiah said unto Isaiah, What shall be the sign that YHVH will heal me, and   
that I shall go up into the house of YHVH the third day?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Isaiah said, This sign shalt    
thou have of YHVH, that YHVH will do the thing that he hath spoken: shall the   
shadow go forward ten degrees, or go back ten degrees?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah answered, It is a    
light thing for the shadow to go down ten degrees: nay, but let the shadow      
return backward ten degrees.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Isaiah the prophet cried unto YHVH: and he brought the   
shadow ten degrees backward, by which it had gone down in the dial of Ahaz.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>At that time    
Berodachbaladan, the son of Baladan, king of Babylon, sent letters and a        
present unto Hezekiah: for he had heard that Hezekiah had been sick.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah         
hearkened unto them, and showed them all the house of his precious things, the  
silver, and the gold, and the spices, and the precious ointment, and all the    
house of his armor, and all that was found in his treasures: there was nothing  
in his house, nor in all his dominion, that Hezekiah showed them not.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came Isaiah the 
prophet unto king Hezekiah, and said unto him, What said these men? and from    
whence came they unto thee? And Hezekiah said, They are come from a far         
country, even from Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>    
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, What have they seen in thine house? And         
Hezekiah answered, All the things that are in mine house have they seen: there  
is nothing among my treasures that I have not showed them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Isaiah said unto Hezekiah,    
Hear the word of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Behold, the days come, that all that is in thine house, and that    
which thy fathers have laid up in store unto this day, shall be carried into    
Babylon: nothing shall be left, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And of thy sons that shall issue from thee,     
which thou shalt beget, shall they take away; and they shall be eunuchs in the  
palace of the king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4> 
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Hezekiah unto Isaiah, Good is the word of YHVH     
which thou hast spoken. And he said, Is it not good, if peace and truth be in   
my days?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the rest of the acts of Hezekiah, and all his might, and how he made a pool,    
and a conduit, and brought water into the city, are they not written in the     
book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah slept with his fathers: and     
Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software   
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B12C021.htm'>2nd Kings 21</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
