<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Obadiah, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B30C009.htm'>Amos 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The 
Book of the Prophet Obadiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to       
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH concerning  
Edom; We have heard a rumour from YHVH, and an ambassador is sent among the     
heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have made thee small  
among the heathen: thou art greatly despised.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee,   
thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that    
saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Though thou exalt thyself as the    
eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee   
down, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>
<P>If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would  
they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee,  
would they not leave some grapes?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>How are the things of Esau searched out! how are his      
hidden things sought up!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the        
border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed  
against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is    
none understanding in him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Shall I not in that day, saith YHVH, even destroy the wise men out  
of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall  
be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by   
slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou     
shalt be cut off for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>     
11</H4></TD><TD><P>In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day  
that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into 
his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou shouldest   
not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; 
neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of   
their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of     
distress.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their  
calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of 
their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their      
calamity;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that 
did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did      
remain in the day of distress.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4> 
15</H4></TD><TD><P>For the day of YHVH is near upon all the heathen: as thou    
hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own   
head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For as 
ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink             
continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall 
be as though they had not been.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be 
holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the house of Jacob    
shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for     
stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be 
any remaining of the house of Esau; for YHVH hath spoken it.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they of the south shall   
possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they      
shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin    
shall possess Gilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall      
possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of       
Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And saviours shall   
come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be      
YHVH's.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B32C001.htm'>Jonah 1</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
