<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James       
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C004.htm'>1st Samuel 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the Philistines took the ark of ELOHIYM, and brought it from         
Ebenezer unto Ashdod.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>
<TD><P>When the Philistines took the ark of ELOHIYM, they brought it into the   
house of Dagon, and set it by Dagon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they of Ashdod arose early on the morrow,        
behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the earth before the ark of YHVH. And 
they took Dagon, and set him in his place again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they arose early on the    
morrow morning, behold, Dagon was fallen upon his face to the ground before the 
ark of YHVH; and the head of Dagon and both the palms of his hands were cut off 
upon the threshold; only the stump of Dagon was left to him.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore neither the priests   
of Dagon, nor any that come into Dagon's house, tread on the threshold of Dagon 
in Ashdod unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>But the hand of YHVH was heavy upon them of Ashdod, and he          
destroyed them, and smote them with emerods, even Ashdod and the coasts         
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when the men of Ashdod saw that it was so, they said, The ark of the ELOHIYM of 
Israel shall not abide with us: for his hand is sore upon us, and upon Dagon    
our god.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>They  
sent therefore and gathered all the lords of the Philistines unto them, and     
said, What shall we do with the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel? And they          
answered, Let the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel be carried about unto Gath. And  
they carried the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel about thither.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so, that, after they 
had carried it about, the hand of YHVH was against the city with a very great   
destruction: and he smote the men of the city, both small and great, and they   
had emerods in their secret parts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10> 
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore they sent the ark of ELOHIYM to Ekron. And it  
came to pass, as the ark of ELOHIYM came to Ekron, that the Ekronites cried     
out, saying, They have brought about the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel to us, to 
slay us and our people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>So they sent and gathered together all the lords of the             
Philistines, and said, Send away the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel, and let it   
go again to his own place, that it slay us not, and our people: for there was a 
deadly destruction throughout all the city; the hand of ELOHIYM was very heavy  
there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the men that died not were smitten with the emerods: and the cry of the city    
went up to heaven.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B09C006.htm'>1st Samuel 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
