<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 44 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C043.htm'>Ezekiel 43</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 44</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he brought me back the way of the gate of the outward    
sanctuary which looketh toward the east; and it was shut.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said YHVH unto me; This gate   
shall be shut, it shall not be opened, and no man shall enter in by it; because 
YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel, hath entered in by it, therefore it shall be       
shut.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>It is    
for the prince; the prince, he shall sit in it to eat bread before YHVH; he     
shall enter by the way of the porch of that gate, and shall go out by the way   
of the same.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then brought he me the way of the north gate before the house: and I looked,    
and, behold, the glory of YHVH filled the house of YHVH: and I fell upon my     
face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH 
said unto me, Son of man, mark well, and behold with thine eyes, and hear with  
thine ears all that I say unto thee concerning all the ordinances of the house  
of YHVH, and all the laws thereof; and mark well the entering in of the house,  
with every going forth of the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt say to the rebellious, even to the 
house of Israel, Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; O ye house of Israel, let it       
suffice you of all your abominations,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In that ye have brought into my sanctuary         
strangers, uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh, to be in my      
sanctuary, to pollute it, even my house, when ye offer my bread, the fat and    
the blood, and they have broken my covenant because of all your                 
abominations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And ye have not kept the charge of mine holy things: but ye have set keepers of 
my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; No stranger,          
uncircumcised in heart, nor uncircumcised in flesh, shall enter into my         
sanctuary, of any stranger that is among the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites that are  
gone away far from me, when Israel went astray, which went astray away from me  
after their idols; they shall even bear their iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet they shall be ministers in my 
sanctuary, having charge at the gates of the house, and ministering to the      
house: they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the people, and 
they shall stand before them to minister unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they ministered unto them 
before their idols, and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity;       
therefore have I lifted up mine hand against them, saith the ADONAY YHVH, and   
they shall bear their iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall not come near unto me, to do the office of a  
priest unto me, nor to come near to any of my holy things, in the most holy     
place: but they shall bear their shame, and their abominations which they have  
committed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But I will make them keepers of the charge of the house, for all the service    
thereof, and for all that shall be done therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>But the priests the Levites, the  
sons of Zadok, that kept the charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel 
went astray from me, they shall come near to me to minister unto me, and they   
shall stand before me to offer unto me the fat and the blood, saith the ADONAY  
YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>They   
shall enter into my sanctuary, and they shall come near to my table, to         
minister unto me, and they shall keep my charge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, that   
when they enter in at the gates of the inner court, they shall be clothed with  
linen garments; and no wool shall come upon them, whiles they minister in the   
gates of the inner court, and within.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall have linen bonnets upon their heads, 
and shall have linen breeches upon their loins; they shall not gird themselves  
with any thing that causeth sweat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19> 
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they go forth into the utter court, even into   
the utter court to the people, they shall put off their garments wherein they   
ministered, and lay them in the holy chambers, and they shall put on other      
garments; and they shall not sanctify the people with their garments.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shall they   
shave their heads, nor suffer their locks to grow long; they shall only poll    
their heads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>
Neither shall any priest drink wine, when they enter into the inner court.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shall   
they take for their wives a widow, nor her that is put away: but they shall     
take maidens of the seed of the house of Israel, or a widow that had a priest   
before.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and profane, and     
cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And in controversy they shall     
stand in judgment; and they shall judge it according to my judgments: and they  
shall keep my laws and my statutes in all mine assemblies; and they shall       
hallow my sabbaths.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And they shall come at no dead person to defile themselves: but for      
father, or for mother, or for son, or for daughter, for brother, or for sister  
that hath had no husband, they may defile themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And after he is cleansed, they    
shall reckon unto him seven days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27>  
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the day that he goeth into the sanctuary, unto    
the inner court, to minister in the sanctuary, he shall offer his sin offering, 
saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And it shall be unto them for an inheritance: I am their            
inheritance: and ye shall give them no possession in Israel: I am their         
possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P> 
They shall eat the meat offering, and the sin offering, and the trespass        
offering: and every dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And the first of all the      
firstfruits of all things, and every oblation of all, of every sort of your     
oblations, shall be the priest's: ye shall also give unto the priest the first  
of your dough, that he may cause the blessing to rest in thine house.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>The priests shall    
not eat of any thing that is dead of itself, or torn, whether it be fowl or     
beast.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C045.htm'>Ezekiel 45</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
