<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C004.htm'>Ezra 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the 
prophets, Haggai the prophet, and Zechariah the son of Iddo, prophesied unto    
the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of the ELAHH of Israel,   
even unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, 
and began to build the house of ELAHH which is at Jerusalem: and with them were 
the prophets of ELAHH helping them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>At the same time came to them Tatnai, governor on this    
side the river, and Shetharboznai and their companions, and said thus unto      
them, Who hath commanded you to build this house, and to make up this wall?</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said we unto 
them after this manner, What are the names of the men that make this            
building?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
the eye of their ELAHH was upon the elders of the Jews, that they could not     
cause them to cease, till the matter came to Darius: and then they returned     
answer by letter concerning this matter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>The copy of the letter that Tatnai, governor on   
this side the river, and Shetharboznai and his companions the Apharsachites,    
which were on this side the river, sent unto Darius the king:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>They sent a letter unto him,    
wherein was written thus; Unto Darius the king, all peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Be it known unto the king, that we  
went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great ELAHH, which is      
builded with great stones, and timber is laid in the walls, and this work goeth 
fast on, and prospereth in their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then asked we those elders, and said unto them    
thus, Who commanded you to build this house, and to make up these walls?</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>We asked their  
names also, to certify thee, that we might write the names of the men that were 
the chief of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And thus they returned us answer, saying, We are the servants of the     
ELAHH of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many      
years ago, which a great king of Israel builded and set up.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But after that our fathers    
had provoked the ELAHH of heaven unto wrath, he gave them into the hand of      
Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, the Chaldean, who destroyed this house, and 
carried the people away into Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But in the first year of Cyrus the king of      
Babylon the same king Cyrus made a decree to build this house of ELAHH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the vessels also 
of gold and silver of the house of ELAHH, which Nebuchadnezzar took out of the  
temple that was in Jerusalem, and brought them into the temple of Babylon,      
those did Cyrus the king take out of the temple of Babylon, and they were       
delivered unto one, whose name was Sheshbazzar, whom he had made governor;</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto   
him, Take these vessels, go, carry them into the temple that is in Jerusalem,   
and let the house of ELAHH be builded in his place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the same Sheshbazzar,   
and laid the foundation of the house of ELAHH which is in Jerusalem: and since  
that time even until now hath it been in building, and yet it is not            
finished.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now therefore, if it seem good to the king, let there be search made in the     
king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so, that a      
decree was made of Cyrus the king to build this house of ELAHH at Jerusalem,    
and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B15C006.htm'>Ezra 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
