<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C016.htm'>Isaiah 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The burden of Damascus. Behold, Damascus is taken away from   
being a city, and it shall be a ruinous heap.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The cities of Aroer are forsaken: they shall   
be for flocks, which shall lie down, and none shall make them afraid.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>The fortress also      
shall cease from Ephraim, and the kingdom from Damascus, and the remnant of     
Syria: they shall be as the glory of the children of Israel, saith YHVH of      
hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And in  
that day it shall come to pass, that the glory of Jacob shall be made thin, and 
the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be as when the harvestman gathereth  
the corn, and reapeth the ears with his arm; and it shall be as he that         
gathereth ears in the valley of Rephaim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet gleaning grapes shall be left in it, as the   
shaking of an olive tree, two or three berries in the top of the uppermost      
bough, four or five in the outmost fruitful branches thereof, saith YHVH        
ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>At that day shall a man look to his Maker, and his eyes shall have       
respect to the Holy One of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall not look to the altars, the work of his      
hands, neither shall respect that which his fingers have made, either the       
groves, or the images.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>In that day shall his strong cities be as a forsaken bough, and an  
uppermost branch, which they left because of the children of Israel: and there  
shall be desolation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Because thou hast forgotten the ELOHIYM of thy salvation, and hast  
not been mindful of the rock of thy strength, therefore shalt thou plant        
pleasant plants, and shalt set it with strange slips:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>In the day shalt thou make thy    
plant to grow, and in the morning shalt thou make thy seed to flourish: but the 
harvest shall be a heap in the day of grief and of desperate sorrow.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to the multitude 
of many people, which make a noise like the noise of the seas; and to the       
rushing of nations, that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters!</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The nations     
shall rush like the rushing of many waters: but shall rebuke them, and they     
shall flee far off, and shall be chased as the chaff of the mountains before    
the wind, and like a rolling thing before the whirlwind.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And behold at eveningtide         
trouble; and before the morning he is not. This is the portion of them that     
spoil us, and the lot of them that rob us.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B23C018.htm'>Isaiah 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
