<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C017.htm'>Exodus 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>When Jethro, the priest of Midian, Moses' father  
in law, heard of all that ELOHIYM had done for Moses, and for Israel his        
people, and that YHVH had brought Israel out of Egypt;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jethro, Moses' father in law,  
took Zipporah, Moses' wife, after he had sent her back,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And her two sons; of which the name 
of the one was Gershom; for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the name of   
the other was Eliezer; for the ELOHIYM of my father, said he, was mine help,    
and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his   
sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the      
mount of ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and    
thy wife, and her two sons with her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses went out to meet his father in law, and did     
obeisance, and kissed him; and they asked each other of their welfare; and they 
came into the tent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Moses told his father in law all that YHVH had done unto Pharaoh and 
to the Egyptians for Israel's sake, and all the travail that had come upon them 
by the way, and how YHVH delivered them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which    
YHVH had done to Israel, whom he had delivered out of the hand of the           
Egyptians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Jethro said, Blessed be YHVH, who hath delivered you out of the hand of the 
Egyptians, and out of the hand of Pharaoh, who hath delivered the people from   
under the hand of the Egyptians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>   
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now I know that YHVH is greater than all gods: for in    
the thing wherein they dealt proudly he was above them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jethro, Moses' father in law, 
took a burnt offering and sacrifices for ELOHIYM: and Aaron came, and all the   
elders of Israel, to eat bread with Moses' father in law before ELOHIYM.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to  
pass on the morrow, that Moses sat to judge the people: and the people stood by 
Moses from the morning unto the evening.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Moses' father in law saw all that he   
did to the people, he said, What is this thing that thou doest to the people?   
why sittest thou thyself alone, and all the people stand by thee from morning   
unto even?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Moses said unto his father in law, Because the people come unto me to       
inquire of ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>
<TD><P>When they have a matter, they come unto me; and I judge between one and  
another, and I do make them know the statutes of ELOHIYM, and his laws.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses' father in 
law said unto him, The thing that thou doest is not good.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou wilt surely wear away, both  
thou, and this people that is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee;  
thou art not able to perform it thyself alone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Hearken now unto my voice, I will give thee  
counsel, and ELOHIYM shall be with thee: Be thou for the people to, that thou   
mayest bring the causes unto ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt teach them ordinances and laws,  
and shalt show them the way wherein they must walk, and the work that they must 
do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover 
thou shalt provide out of all the people able men, such as fear ELOHIYM, men of 
truth, hating covetousness; and place such over them, to be rulers of           
thousands, and rulers of hundreds, rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And let them    
judge the people at all seasons: and it shall be, that every great matter they  
shall bring unto thee, but every small matter they shall judge: so shall it be  
easier for thyself, and they shall bear the burden with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>If thou shalt do this thing,  
and ELOHIYM command thee so, then thou shalt be able to endure, and all this    
people shall also go to their place in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>So Moses hearkened to the voice of his       
father in law, and did all that he had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses chose able men out of all Israel, and 
made them heads over the people, rulers of thousands, rulers of hundreds,       
rulers of fifties, and rulers of tens.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And they judged the people at all seasons: the  
hard causes they brought unto Moses, but every small matter they judged         
themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Moses let his father in law depart; and he went his way into his own        
land.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B02C019.htm'>Exodus 19</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
