<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B13C029.htm'>1st Chronicles 29</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon the son of David was    
strengthened in his kingdom, and YHVH his ELOHIYM was with him, and magnified   
him exceedingly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands and of      
hundreds, and to the judges, and to every governor in all Israel, the chief of  
the fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
So Solomon, and all the congregation with him, went to the high place that was  
at Gibeon; for there was the tabernacle of the congregation of ELOHIYM, which   
Moses the servant of YHVH had made in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But the ark of ELOHIYM had David    
brought up from Kirjathjearim to the place which David had prepared for it: for 
he had pitched a tent for it at Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the brazen altar, that Bezaleel the son  
of Uri, the son of Hur, had made, he put before the tabernacle of YHVH: and     
Solomon and the congregation sought unto it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon went up thither to the brazen altar   
before YHVH, which was at the tabernacle of the congregation, and offered a     
thousand burnt offerings upon it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>   
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In that night did ELOHIYM appear unto Solomon, and said   
unto him, Ask what I shall give thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon said unto ELOHIYM, Thou hast showed   
great mercy unto David my father, and hast made me to reign in his stead.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Now, O YHVH       
ELOHIYM, let thy promise unto David my father be established: for thou hast     
made me king over a people like the dust of the earth in multitude.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Give me now wisdom   
and knowledge, that I may go out and come in before this people: for who can    
judge this thy people, that is so great?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM said to Solomon, Because this was   
in thine heart, and thou hast not asked riches, wealth, or honor, nor the life  
of thine enemies, neither yet hast asked long life; but hast asked wisdom and   
knowledge for thyself, that thou mayest judge my people, over whom I have made  
thee king:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Wisdom and knowledge is granted unto thee; and I will give thee riches, and     
wealth, and honor, such as none of the kings have had that have been before     
thee, neither shall there any after thee have the like.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Solomon came from his        
journey to the high place that was at Gibeon to Jerusalem, from before the      
tabernacle of the congregation, and reigned over Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon gathered chariots and 
horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand  
horsemen, which he placed in the chariot cities, and with the king at           
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the king made silver and gold at Jerusalem as plenteous as stones, and      
cedar trees made he as the sycamore trees that are in the vale for              
abundance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Solomon had horses brought out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's         
merchants received the linen yarn at a price.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they fetched up, and brought forth out   
of Egypt a chariot for six hundred shekels of silver, and an horse for an       
hundred and fifty: and so brought they out horses for all the kings of the      
Hittites, and for the kings of Syria, by their means.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B14C002.htm'>2nd Chronicles 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
