<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C018.htm'>Jeremiah 18</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, Go and get a   
potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the     
ancients of the priests;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And go forth unto the valley of the son of Hinnom, which is by the  
entry of the east gate, and proclaim there the words that I shall tell thee,</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And say, Hear ye  
the word of YHVH, O kings of Judah, and inhabitants of Jerusalem; Thus saith    
YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will bring evil upon this       
place, the which whosoever heareth, his ears shall tingle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they have forsaken me, and  
have estranged this place, and have burned incense in it unto other gods, whom  
neither they nor their fathers have known, nor the kings of Judah, and have     
filled this place with the blood of innocents;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>They have built also the high places of Baal,  
to burn their sons with fire for burnt offerings unto Baal, which I commanded   
not, nor spake it, neither came it into my mind:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, the days come,   
saith YHVH, that this place shall no more be called Tophet, nor The valley of   
the son of Hinnom, but The valley of slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make void the counsel of Judah and  
Jerusalem in this place; and I will cause them to fall by the sword before      
their enemies, and by the hands of them that seek their lives: and their        
carcases will I give to be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts 
of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And I will make this city desolate, and an hissing; every one that passeth      
thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cause  
them to eat the flesh of their sons and the flesh of their daughters, and they  
shall eat every one the flesh of his friend in the siege and straitness,        
wherewith their enemies, and they that seek their lives, shall straiten         
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And shalt say unto   
them, Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Even so will I break this people and this city, 
as one breaketh a potter's vessel, that cannot be made whole again: and they    
shall bury them in Tophet, till there be no place to bury.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus will I do unto this place,   
saith YHVH, and to the inhabitants thereof, and even make this city as          
Tophet:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the houses of Jerusalem, and the houses of the kings of Judah, shall be defiled 
as the place of Tophet, because of all the houses upon whose roofs they have    
burned incense unto all the host of heaven, and have poured out drink offerings 
unto other gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then came Jeremiah from Tophet, whither YHVH had sent him to prophesy;   
and he stood in the court of YHVH's house; and said to all the people,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of   
hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will bring upon this city and upon all  
her towns all the evil that I have pronounced against it, because they have     
hardened their necks, that they might not hear my words.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B24C020.htm'>Jeremiah 20</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
