<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C015.htm'>Jeremiah 15</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came also unto 
me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Thou shalt not take thee a wife, neither shalt thou have sons or daughters in   
this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
For thus saith YHVH concerning the sons and concerning the daughters that are   
born in this place, and concerning their mothers that bare them, and concerning 
their fathers that begat them in this land;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall die of grievous deaths; they shall not 
be lamented; neither shall they be buried; but they shall be as dung upon the   
face of the earth: and they shall be consumed by the sword, and by famine; and  
their carcases shall be meat for the fowls of heaven, and for the beasts of the 
earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For     
thus saith YHVH, Enter not into the house of mourning, neither go to lament nor 
bemoan them: for I have taken away my peace from this people, saith YHVH, even  
lovingkindness and mercies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>     
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Both the great and the small shall die in this land: they     
shall not be buried, neither shall men lament for them, nor cut themselves, nor 
make themselves bald for them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shall men tear themselves for them in mourning, to    
comfort them for the dead; neither shall men give them the cup of consolation   
to drink for their father or for their mother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not also go into the house of       
feasting, to sit with them to eat and to drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of   
Israel; Behold, I will cause to cease out of this place in your eyes, and in    
your days, the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the      
bridegroom, and the voice of the bride.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, when thou shalt shew 
this people all these words, and they shall say unto thee, Wherefore hath YHVH  
pronounced all this great evil against us? or what is our iniquity? or what is  
our sin that we have committed against YHVH our ELOHIYM?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou say unto them,    
Because your fathers have forsaken me, saith YHVH, and have walked after other  
gods, and have served them, and have worshipped them, and have forsaken me, and 
have not kept my law;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And ye have done worse than your fathers; for, behold, ye walk      
every one after the imagination of his evil heart, that they may not hearken    
unto me:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Therefore will I cast you out of this land into a land that ye know not,        
neither ye nor your fathers; and there shall ye serve other gods day and night; 
where I will not shew you favour.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>  
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that it    
shall no more be said, YHVH liveth, that brought up the children of Israel out  
of the land of Egypt;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But, YHVH liveth, that brought up the children of Israel from the   
land of the north, and from all the lands whither he had driven them: and I     
will bring them again into their land that I gave unto their fathers.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will send  
for many fishers, saith YHVH, and they shall fish them; and after will I send   
for many hunters, and they shall hunt them from every mountain, and from every  
hill, and out of the holes of the rocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For mine eyes are upon all their ways: they are 
not hid from my face, neither is their iniquity hid from mine eyes.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And first I will     
recompense their iniquity and their sin double; because they have defiled my    
land, they have filled mine inheritance with the carcases of their detestable   
and abominable things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>O YHVH, my strength, and my fortress, and my refuge in the day of   
affliction, the Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and   
shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein   
there is no profit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Shall a man make gods unto himself, and they are no gods?</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, I will 
this once cause them to know, I will cause them to know mine hand and my might; 
and they shall know that my name is YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This         
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B24C017.htm'>Jeremiah 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
