<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 41 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C040.htm'>Jeremiah 40</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 41</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass in the      
seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishama, of the    
seed royal, and the princes of the king, even ten men with him, came unto       
Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and there they did eat bread together in  
Mizpah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
arose Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the ten men that were with him, and     
smote Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan with the sword, and slew    
him, whom the king of Babylon had made governor over the land.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Ishmael also slew all the Jews  
that were with him, even with Gedaliah, at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans that were  
found there, and the men of war.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass the second day after he had slain         
Gedaliah, and no man knew it,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>   
5</H4></TD><TD><P>That there came certain from Shechem, from Shiloh, and from   
Samaria, even fourscore men, having their beards shaven, and their clothes      
rent, and having cut themselves, with offerings and incense in their hand, to   
bring them to the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ishmael the son of Nethaniah went forth from Mizpah to    
meet them, weeping all along as he went: and it came to pass, as he met them,   
he said unto them, Come to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so, when they came into  
the midst of the city, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah slew them, and cast    
them into the midst of the pit, he, and the men that were with him.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But ten men were found 
among them that said unto Ishmael, Slay us not: for we have treasures in the    
field, of wheat, and of barley, and of oil, and of honey. So he forbare, and    
slew them not among their brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9> 
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the pit wherein Ishmael had cast all the dead bodies  
of the men, whom he had slain because of Gedaliah, was it which Asa the king    
had made for fear of Baasha king of Israel: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah    
filled it with them that were slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Ishmael carried away captive all the       
residue of the people that were in Mizpah, even the king's daughters, and all   
the people that remained in Mizpah, whom Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard   
had committed to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and Ishmael the son of Nethaniah   
carried them away captive, and departed to go over to the Ammonites.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But when Johanan the 
son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that were with him, heard of  
all the evil that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had done,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they took all the men, and   
went to fight with Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and found him by the great     
waters that are in Gibeon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>     
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, that when all the people which were     
with Ishmael saw Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces  
that were with him, then they were glad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So all the people that Ishmael had carried away 
captive from Mizpah cast about and returned, and went unto Johanan the son of   
Kareah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah escaped from Johanan with eight men, and went to   
the Ammonites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then took Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces that 
were with him, all the remnant of the people whom he had recovered from Ishmael 
the son of Nethaniah, from Mizpah, after that he had slain Gedaliah the son of  
Ahikam, even mighty men of war, and the women, and the children, and the        
eunuchs, whom he had brought again from Gibeon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they departed, and dwelt in the          
habitation of Chimham, which is by Bethlehem, to go to enter into Egypt,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Because of the  
Chaldeans: for they were afraid of them, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah   
had slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor in 
the land.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C042.htm'>Jeremiah 42</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
