<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C017.htm'>2nd Kings 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Now it came to pass in the third year of Hoshea son of Elah king of      
Israel, that Hezekiah the son of Ahaz king of Judah began to reign.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Twenty and five years  
old was he when he began to reign; and he reigned twenty and nine years in      
Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Abi, the daughter of Zachariah.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which  
was right in the sight of YHVH, according to all that David his father did.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>He removed the    
high places, and brake the images, and cut down the groves, and brake in pieces 
the brazen serpent that Moses had made: for unto those days the children of     
Israel did burn incense to it: and he called it Nehushtan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>He trusted in YHVH ELOHIYM of       
Israel; so that after him was none like him among all the kings of Judah, nor   
any that were before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For he clave to YHVH, and departed not from following him, but kept 
his commandments, which YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH was with him; and he prospered        
whithersoever he went forth: and he rebelled against the king of Assyria, and   
served him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>He smote the Philistines, even unto Gaza, and the borders thereof, from the  
tower of the watchmen to the fenced city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the fourth year of king    
Hezekiah, which was the seventh year of Hoshea son of Elah king of Israel, that 
Shalmaneser king of Assyria came up against Samaria, and besieged it.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And at the end of    
three years they took it: even in the sixth year of Hezekiah, that is in the    
ninth year of Hoshea king of Israel, Samaria was taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Assyria did carry 
away Israel unto Assyria, and put them in Halah and in Habor by the river of    
Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they obeyed not the voice of YHVH their 
ELOHIYM, but transgressed his covenant, and all that Moses the servant of YHVH  
commanded, and would not hear them, nor do them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Now in the fourteenth year of     
king Hezekiah did Sennacherib king of Assyria come up against all the fenced    
cities of Judah, and took them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah king of Judah sent to the king of Assyria to    
Lachish, saying, I have offended; return from me: that which thou puttest on me 
will I bear. And the king of Assyria appointed unto Hezekiah king of Judah      
three hundred talents of silver and thirty talents of gold.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah gave him all the 
silver that was found in the house of YHVH, and in the treasures of the king's  
house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>At    
that time did Hezekiah cut off the gold from the doors of the temple of YHVH,   
and from the pillars which Hezekiah king of Judah had overlaid, and gave it to  
the king of Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the king of Assyria sent Tartan and Rabsaris and Rabshakeh from 
Lachish to king Hezekiah with a great host against Jerusalem. And they went up  
and came to Jerusalem. And when they were come up, they came and stood by the   
conduit of the upper pool, which is in the highway of the fuller's field.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they   
had called to the king, there came out to them Eliakim the son of Hilkiah,      
which was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph  
the recorder.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Rabshakeh said unto them, Speak ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great 
king, the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou sayest,    
(but they are but vain words,) I have counsel and strength for the war. Now on  
whom dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Now, behold, thou trustest upon   
the staff of this bruised reed, even upon Egypt, on which if a man lean, it     
will go into his hand, and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt unto all that 
trust on him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>But if ye say unto me, We trust in YHVH our ELOHIYM: is not that he, whose   
high places and whose altars Hezekiah hath taken away, and hath said to Judah   
and Jerusalem, Ye shall worship before this altar in Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, I pray     
thee, give pledges to my lord the king of Assyria, and I will deliver thee two  
thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part to set riders upon them.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>How then wilt thou   
turn away the face of one captain of the least of my master's servants, and put 
thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for horsemen?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Am I now come up without YHVH     
against this place to destroy it? YHVH said to me, Go up against this land, and 
destroy it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then said Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna, and Joah, unto Rabshakeh,     
Speak, I pray thee, to thy servants in the Syrian language; for we understand   
it: and talk not with us in the Jews' language in the ears of the people that   
are on the wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and  
to thee, to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the  
wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Rabshakeh  
stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and spake, saying,     
Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the king, Let not      
Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his        
hand:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in YHVH, saying, YHVH will surely deliver   
us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of           
Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the king of Assyria, Make an agreement  
with me by a present, and come out to me, and then eat ye every man of his own  
vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye every one the waters of his   
cistern:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Until I come and take you away to a land like your own land, a land of corn and 
wine, a land of bread and vineyards, a land of oil olive and of honey, that ye  
may live, and not die: and hearken not unto Hezekiah, when he persuadeth you,   
saying, YHVH will deliver us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>  
33</H4></TD><TD><P>Hath any of the gods of the nations delivered at all his     
land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Where are the gods of Hamath, and of Arpad?     
where are the gods of Sepharvaim, Hena, and Ivah? have they delivered Samaria   
out of mine hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Who are they among all the gods of the countries, that have delivered    
their country out of mine hand, that YHVH should deliver Jerusalem out of mine  
hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
the people held their peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's        
commandment was, saying, Answer him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, which was 
over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph the        
recorder, to Hezekiah with their clothes rent, and told him the words of        
Rabshakeh.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C019.htm'>2nd Kings 19</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
