<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C004.htm'>Numbers 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Command the children of     
Israel, that they put out of the camp every leper, and every one that hath an   
issue, and whosoever is defiled by the dead:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Both male and female shall ye put out, without    
the camp shall ye put them; that they defile not their camps, in the midst      
whereof I dwell.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the children of Israel did so, and put them out without the camp: as     
YHVH spake unto Moses, so did the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto the children of Israel, When a man or woman shall commit any sin that men  
commit, to do a trespass against YHVH, and that person be guilty;</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they shall confess     
their sin which they have done: and he shall recompense his trespass with the   
principal thereof, and add unto it the fifth part thereof, and give it unto him 
against whom he hath trespassed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the man have no kinsman to recompense the trespass     
unto, let the trespass be recompensed unto YHVH, even to the priest; beside the 
ram of the atonement, whereby an atonement shall be made for him.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And every offering of all   
the holy things of the children of Israel, which they bring unto the priest,    
shall be his.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And every man's hallowed things shall be his: whatsoever any man giveth the  
priest, it shall be his.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel, and say   
unto them, If any man's wife go aside, and commit a trespass against him,</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And a man lie   
with her carnally, and it be hid from the eyes of her husband, and be kept      
close, and she be defiled, and there be no witness against her, neither she be  
taken with the manner;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be jealous of his  
wife, and she be defiled: or if the spirit of jealousy come upon him, and he be 
jealous of his wife, and she be not defiled:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall the man bring his wife unto the      
priest, and he shall bring her offering for her, the tenth part of an ephah of  
barley meal; he shall pour no oil upon it, nor put frankincense thereon; for it 
is an offering of jealousy, an offering of memorial, bringing iniquity to       
remembrance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the priest shall bring her near, and set her before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take     
holy water in an earthen vessel; and of the dust that is in the floor of the    
tabernacle the priest shall take, and put it into the water:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall set the  
woman before YHVH, and uncover the woman's head, and put the offering of        
memorial in her hands, which is the jealousy offering: and the priest shall     
have in his hand the bitter water that causeth the curse:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall charge her   
by an oath, and say unto the woman, If no man have lain with thee, and if thou  
hast not gone aside to uncleanness with another instead of thy husband, be thou 
free from this bitter water that causeth the curse:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou hast gone aside to    
another instead of thy husband, and if thou be defiled, and some man have lain  
with thee beside thine husband:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>
21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall charge the woman with an oath of       
cursing, and the priest shall say unto the woman, YHVH make thee a curse and an 
oath among thy people, when YHVH doth make thy thigh to rot, and thy belly to   
swell;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
this water that causeth the curse shall go into thy bowels, to make thy belly   
to swell, and thy thigh to rot: And the woman shall say, Amen, amen.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall 
write these curses in a book, and he shall blot them out with the bitter        
water:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he shall cause the woman to drink the bitter water that causeth the curse: and  
the water that causeth the curse shall enter into her, and become bitter.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest 
shall take the jealousy offering out of the woman's hand, and shall wave the    
offering before YHVH, and offer it upon the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take an      
handful of the offering, even the memorial thereof, and burn it upon the altar, 
and afterward shall cause the woman to drink the water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he hath made her to      
drink the water, then it shall come to pass, that, if she be defiled, and have  
done trespass against her husband, that the water that causeth the curse shall  
enter into her, and become bitter, and her belly shall swell, and her thigh     
shall rot: and the woman shall be a curse among her people.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the woman be not       
defiled, but be clean; then she shall be free, and shall conceive seed.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law of   
jealousies, when a wife goeth aside to another instead of her husband, and is   
defiled;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Or  
when the spirit of jealousy cometh upon him, and he be jealous over his wife,   
and shall set the woman before YHVH, and the priest shall execute upon her all  
this law.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her    
iniquity.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C006.htm'>Numbers 6</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
