<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Micah, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B32C004.htm'>Jonah 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Micah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>The word of YHVH that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of        
Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and 
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Hear, all ye people; hearken, O earth, and all that therein is: and let the     
ADONAY YHVH be witness against you, the ADONAY from his holy temple.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For, behold, YHVH      
cometh forth out of his place, and will come down, and tread upon the high      
places of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the mountains shall be molten under him, and the valleys shall be    
cleft, as wax before the fire, and as the waters that are poured down a steep   
place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For the 
transgression of Jacob is all this, and for the sins of the house of Israel.    
What is the transgression of Jacob? is it not Samaria? and what are the high    
places of Judah? are they not Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I will make Samaria as an heap of the   
field, and as plantings of a vineyard: and I will pour down the stones thereof  
into the valley, and I will discover the foundations thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the graven images       
thereof shall be beaten to pieces, and all the hires thereof shall be burned    
with the fire, and all the idols thereof will I lay desolate: for she gathered  
it of the hire of an harlot, and they shall return to the hire of an harlot.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I will  
wail and howl, I will go stripped and naked: I will make a wailing like the     
dragons, and mourning as the owls.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>  
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For her wound is incurable; for it is come unto Judah; he 
is come unto the gate of my people, even to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Declare ye it not at Gath, weep   
ye not at all: in the house of Aphrah roll thyself in the dust.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Pass ye away, thou        
inhabitant of Saphir, having thy shame naked: the inhabitant of Zaanan came not 
forth in the mourning of Bethezel; he shall receive of you his standing.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For the         
inhabitant of Maroth waited carefully for good: but evil came down from YHVH    
unto the gate of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>    
13</H4></TD><TD><P>O thou inhabitant of Lachish, bind the chariot to the swift  
beast: she is the beginning of the sin to the daughter of Zion: for the         
transgressions of Israel were found in thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shalt thou give presents to           
Moreshethgath: the houses of Achzib shall be a lie to the kings of Israel.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet will I      
bring an heir unto thee, O inhabitant of Mareshah: he shall come unto Adullam   
the glory of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Make thee bald, and poll thee for thy delicate children; enlarge    
thy baldness as the eagle; for they are gone into captivity from thee.</P></TD> 
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B33C002.htm'>Micah 2</A></CENTER></P>  
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
