<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 44 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C043.htm'>Isaiah 43</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 44</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet now hear, O Jacob my servant; and Israel, whom I have     
chosen:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; 
Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will pour water  
upon him that is thirsty, and floods upon the dry ground: I will pour my spirit 
upon thy seed, and my blessing upon thine offspring:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall spring up as among   
the grass, as willows by the water courses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>One shall say, I am YHVH's; and another shall     
call himself by the name of Jacob; and another shall subscribe with his hand    
unto YHVH, and surname himself by the name of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH the King of Israel, 
and his redeemer YHVH of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside   
me there is no ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And who, as I, shall call, and shall declare it, and set it in      
order for me, since I appointed the ancient people? and the things that are     
coming, and shall come, let them shew unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Fear ye not, neither be afraid:     
have not I told thee from that time, and have declared it? ye are even my       
witnesses. Is there a ELOAHH beside me? yea, there is no Rock; I know not       
any.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>They that 
make a graven image are all of them vanity; and their delectable things shall   
not profit; and they are their own witnesses; they see not, nor know; that they 
may be ashamed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Who hath formed a god, or molten a graven image that is profitable for       
nothing?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Behold, all his fellows shall be ashamed: and the workmen, they are of men: let 
them all be gathered together, let them stand up; yet they shall fear, and they 
shall be ashamed together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>     
12</H4></TD><TD><P>The smith with the tongs both worketh in the coals, and      
fashioneth it with hammers, and worketh it with the strength of his arms: yea,  
he is hungry, and his strength faileth: he drinketh no water, and is faint.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The carpenter   
stretcheth out his rule; he marketh it out with a line; he fitteth it with      
planes, and he marketh it out with the compass, and maketh it after the figure  
of a man, according to the beauty of a man; that it may remain in the house.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>He heweth him   
down cedars, and taketh the cypress and the oak, which he strengtheneth for     
himself among the trees of the forest: he planteth an ash, and the rain doth    
nourish it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then shall it be for a man to burn: for he will take thereof, and warm himself; 
yea, he kindleth it, and baketh bread; yea, he maketh a god, and worshippeth    
it; he maketh it a graven image, and falleth down thereto.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>He burneth part thereof in the    
fire; with part thereof he eateth flesh; he roasteth roast, and is satisfied:   
yea, he warmeth himself, and saith, Aha, I am warm, I have seen the fire:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the residue 
thereof he maketh a god, even his graven image: he falleth down unto it, and    
worshippeth it, and prayeth unto it, and saith, Deliver me; for thou art my     
god.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>They    
have not known nor understood: for he hath shut their eyes, that they cannot    
see; and their hearts, that they cannot understand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And none considereth in his       
heart, neither is there knowledge nor understanding to say, I have burned part  
of it in the fire; yea, also I have baked bread upon the coals thereof; I have  
roasted flesh, and eaten it: and shall I make the residue thereof an            
abomination? shall I fall down to the stock of a tree?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>He feedeth on ashes: a deceived   
heart hath turned him aside, that he cannot deliver his soul, nor say, Is there 
not a lie in my right hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>    
21</H4></TD><TD><P>Remember these, O Jacob and Israel; for thou art my servant: 
I have formed thee; thou art my servant: O Israel, thou shalt not be forgotten  
of me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>I     
have blotted out, as a thick cloud, thy transgressions, and, as a cloud, thy    
sins: return unto me; for I have redeemed thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Sing, O ye heavens; for YHVH hath done it:   
shout, ye lower parts of the earth: break forth into singing, ye mountains, O   
forest, and every tree therein: for YHVH hath redeemed Jacob, and glorified     
himself in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I  
am YHVH that maketh all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that   
spreadeth abroad the earth by myself;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and   
maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their knowledge 
foolish;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>    
That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his      
messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be inhabited; and to the cities 
of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>That saith to   
the deep, Be dry, and I will dry up thy rivers:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>That saith of Cyrus, He is my shepherd, and  
shall perform all my pleasure: even saying to Jerusalem, Thou shalt be built;   
and to the temple, Thy foundation shall be laid.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This  
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B23C045.htm'>Isaiah 45</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
