<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Lamentations of Jeremiah, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B24C052.htm'>Jeremiah 52</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The           
Lamentations of Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>
.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER>  
<H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>How doth the city sit solitary, that was full of people! how is she 
become as a widow! she that was great among the nations, and princess among the 
provinces, how is she become tributary!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>She weepeth sore in the night, and her tears are  
on her cheeks: among all her lovers she hath none to comfort her: all her       
friends have dealt treacherously with her, they are become her enemies.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Judah is gone into     
captivity because of affliction, and because of great servitude: she dwelleth   
among the heathen, she findeth no rest: all her persecutors overtook her        
between the straits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>The ways of Zion do mourn, because none come to the solemn feasts: all   
her gates are desolate: her priests sigh, her virgins are afflicted, and she is 
in bitterness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>
Her adversaries are the chief, her enemies prosper; for YHVH hath afflicted her 
for the multitude of her transgressions: her children are gone into captivity   
before the enemy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And from the daughter of Zion all her beauty is departed: her princes are    
become like harts that find no pasture, and they are gone without strength      
before the pursuer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries   
all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell   
into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and 
did mock at her sabbaths.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Jerusalem hath grievously sinned; therefore she is removed: all     
that honoured her despise her, because they have seen her nakedness: yea, she   
sigheth, and turneth backward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Her filthiness is in her skirts; she remembereth not her last 
end; therefore she came down wonderfully: she had no comforter. O YHVH, behold  
my affliction: for the enemy hath magnified himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The adversary hath spread out his 
hand upon all her pleasant things: for she hath seen that the heathen entered   
into her sanctuary, whom thou didst command that they should not enter into thy 
congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>All her people sigh, they seek bread; they have given their pleasant things  
for meat to relieve the soul: see, O YHVH, and consider; for I am become        
vile.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Is it  
nothing to you, all ye that pass by? behold, and see if there be any sorrow     
like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me, wherewith YHVH hath afflicted me in 
the day of his fierce anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>From above hath he sent fire into my bones, and it           
prevaileth against them: he hath spread a net for my feet, he hath turned me    
back: he hath made me desolate and faint all the day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>The yoke of my transgressions is  
bound by his hand: they are wreathed, and come up upon my neck: he hath made my 
strength to fall, the ADONAY hath delivered me into their hands, from whom I am 
not able to rise up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>The ADONAY hath trodden under foot all my mighty men in the midst   
of me: he hath called an assembly against me to crush my young men: the ADONAY  
hath trodden the virgin, the daughter of Judah, as in a winepress.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For these things I weep;  
mine eye, mine eye runneth down with water, because the comforter that should   
relieve my soul is far from me: my children are desolate, because the enemy     
prevailed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Zion spreadeth forth her hands, and there is none to comfort her: YHVH hath     
commanded concerning Jacob, that his adversaries should be round about him:     
Jerusalem is as a menstruous woman among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH is righteous; for I have rebelled       
against his commandment: hear, I pray you, all people, and behold my sorrow: my 
virgins and my young men are gone into captivity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>I called for my lovers, but they  
deceived me: my priests and mine elders gave up the ghost in the city, while    
they sought their meat to relieve their souls.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, O YHVH; for I am in distress: my     
bowels are troubled; mine heart is turned within me; for I have grievously      
rebelled: abroad the sword bereaveth, at home there is as death.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>They have heard that I    
sigh: there is none to comfort me: all mine enemies have heard of my trouble;   
they are glad that thou hast done it: thou wilt bring the day that thou hast    
called, and they shall be like unto me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Let all their wickedness come before thee; and  
do unto them, as thou hast done unto me for all my transgressions: for my sighs 
are many, and my heart is faint.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is      
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B25C002.htm'>Lamentations 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
