<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C003.htm'>2nd Kings 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now there cried a certain woman of the wives of the sons of the prophets 
unto Elisha, saying, Thy servant my husband is dead; and thou knowest that thy  
servant did fear YHVH: and the creditor is come to take unto him my two sons to 
be bondmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Elisha said unto her, What shall I do for thee? tell me, what hast thou in  
the house? And she said, Thine handmaid hath not any thing in the house, save a 
pot of oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then he said, Go, borrow thee vessels abroad of all thy neighbors, even empty   
vessels; borrow not a few.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And when thou art come in, thou shalt shut the door upon thee and   
upon thy sons, and shalt pour out into all those vessels, and thou shalt set    
aside that which is full.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>So she went from him, and shut the door upon her and upon her sons, 
who brought the vessels to her; and she poured out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the       
vessels were full, that she said unto her son, Bring me yet a vessel. And he    
said unto her, There is not a vessel more. And the oil stayed.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she came and told the man  
of ELOHIYM. And he said, Go, sell the oil, and pay thy debt, and live thou and  
thy children of the rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And it fell on a day, that Elisha passed to Shunem, where was a     
great woman; and she constrained him to eat bread. And so it was, that as oft   
as he passed by, he turned in thither to eat bread.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto her husband,      
Behold now, I perceive that this is an holy man of ELOHIYM, which passeth by us 
continually.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>
Let us make a little chamber, I pray thee, on the wall; and let us set for him  
there a bed, and a table, and a stool, and a candlestick: and it shall be, when 
he cometh to us, that he shall turn in thither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it fell on a day, that he came thither,  
and he turned into the chamber, and lay there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said to Gehazi his servant, Call this 
Shunammite. And when he had called her, she stood before him.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto him, Say now 
unto her, Behold, thou hast been careful for us with all this care; what is to  
be done for thee? wouldest thou be spoken for to the king, or to the captain of 
the host? And she answered, I dwell among mine own people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, What then is to be   
done for her? And Gehazi answered, Verily she hath no child, and her husband is 
old.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
said, Call her. And when he had called her, she stood in the door.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, About this   
season, according to the time of life, thou shalt embrace a son. And she said,  
Nay, my lord, thou man of ELOHIYM, do not lie unto thine handmaid.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the woman conceived,  
and bare a son at that season that Elisha had said unto her, according to the   
time of life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And when the child was grown, it fell on a day, that he went out to his      
father to the reapers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And he said unto his father, My head, my head. And he said to a     
lad, Carry him to his mother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>  
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had taken him, and brought him to his mother, he 
sat on her knees till noon, and then died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the 
man of ELOHIYM, and shut the door upon him, and went out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And she called unto her husband,  
and said, Send me, I pray thee, one of the young men, and one of the asses,     
that I may run to the man of ELOHIYM, and come again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Wherefore wilt thou  
go to him to day? it is neither new moon, nor sabbath. And she said, It shall   
be well.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then she saddled an ass, and said to her servant, Drive, and go forward; slack  
not thy riding for me, except I bid thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>So she went and came unto the man of ELOHIYM to 
mount Carmel. And it came to pass, when the man of ELOHIYM saw her afar off,    
that he said to Gehazi his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shunammite:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Run now, I pray      
thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? is it well with thy  
husband? is it well with the child? And she answered, It is well:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And when she came to the  
man of ELOHIYM to the hill, she caught him by the feet: but Gehazi came near to 
thrust her away. And the man of ELOHIYM said, Let her alone; for her soul is    
vexed within her: and YHVH hath hid it from me, and hath not told me.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she said, Did I 
desire a son of my lord? did I not say, Do not deceive me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he said to Gehazi, Gird up   
thy loins, and take my staff in thine hand, and go thy way: if thou meet any    
man, salute him not; and if any salute thee, answer him not again: and lay my   
staff upon the face of the child.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30>  
<H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And the mother of the child said, As YHVH liveth, and as 
thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And he arose, and followed her.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gehazi passed on 
before them, and laid the staff upon the face of the child; but there was       
neither voice, nor hearing. Wherefore he went again to meet him, and told him,  
saying, The child is not awaked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32>   
<H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Elisha was come into the house, behold, the     
child was dead, and laid upon his bed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>He went in therefore, and shut the door upon    
them twain, and prayed unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>  
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went up, and lay upon the child, and put his      
mouth upon his mouth, and his eyes upon his eyes, and his hands upon his hands: 
and stretched himself upon the child; and the flesh of the child waxed warm.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he         
returned, and walked in the house to and fro; and went up, and stretched        
himself upon him: and the child sneezed seven times, and the child opened his   
eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
called Gehazi, and said, Call this Shunammite. So he called her. And when she   
was come in unto him, he said, Take up thy son.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she went in, and fell at his feet, and  
bowed herself to the ground, and took up her son, and went out.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha came again to  
Gilgal: and there was a dearth in the land; and the sons of the prophets were   
sitting before him: and he said unto his servant, Set on the great pot, and     
seethe pottage for the sons of the prophets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And one went out into the field to gather       
herbs, and found a wild vine, and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full,    
and came and shred them into the pot of pottage: for they knew them not.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>So they poured  
out for the men to eat. And it came to pass, as they were eating of the         
pottage, that they cried out, and said, O thou man of ELOHIYM, there is death   
in the pot. And they could not eat thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>But he said, Then bring meal. And he cast it    
into the pot; and he said, Pour out for the people, that they may eat. And      
there was no harm in the pot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>  
42</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came a man from Baalshalisha, and brought the man  
of ELOHIYM bread of the firstfruits, twenty loaves of barley, and full ears of  
corn in the husk thereof. And he said, Give unto the people, that they may      
eat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And his 
servitor said, What, should I set this before an hundred men? He said again,    
Give the people, that they may eat: for thus saith YHVH, They shall eat, and    
shall leave thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>So he set it before them, and they did eat, and left thereof,       
according to the word of YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is        
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B12C005.htm'>2nd Kings 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
