<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C016.htm'>2nd Samuel 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second  
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Moreover Ahithophel said unto Absalom, Let me now choose out twelve      
thousand men, and I will arise and pursue after David this night:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will come upon him    
while he is weary and weak handed, and will make him afraid: and all the people 
that are with him shall flee; and I will smite the king only:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring back all the   
people unto thee: the man whom thou seekest is as if all returned: so all the   
people shall be in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the saying pleased Absalom well, and all the elders of          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
said Absalom, Call now Hushai the Archite also, and let us hear likewise what   
he saith.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
when Hushai was come to Absalom, Absalom spake unto him, saying, Ahithophel     
hath spoken after this manner: shall we do after his saying? if not; speak      
thou.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
Hushai said unto Absalom, The counsel that Ahithophel hath given is not good at 
this time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>    
For, said Hushai, thou knowest thy father and his men, that they be mighty men, 
and they be chafed in their minds, as a bear robbed of her whelps in the field: 
and thy father is a man of war, and will not lodge with the people.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, he is hid now  
in some pit, or in some other place: and it will come to pass, when some of     
them be overthrown at the first, that whosoever heareth it will say, There is a 
slaughter among the people that follow Absalom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he also that is valiant, whose heart is  
as the heart of a lion, shall utterly melt: for all Israel knoweth that thy     
father is a mighty man, and they which be with him are valiant men.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I counsel  
that all Israel be generally gathered unto thee, from Dan even to Beersheba, as 
the sand that is by the sea for multitude; and that thou go to battle in thine  
own person.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
So shall we come upon him in some place where he shall be found, and we will    
light upon him as the dew falleth on the ground: and of him and of all the men  
that are with him there shall not be left so much as one.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover, if he be gotten into a  
city, then shall all Israel bring ropes to that city, and we will draw it into  
the river, until there be not one small stone found there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Absalom and all the men of    
Israel said, The counsel of Hushai the Archite is better than the counsel of    
Ahithophel. For YHVH had appointed to defeat the good counsel of Ahithophel, to 
the intent that YHVH might bring evil upon Absalom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Hushai unto Zadok and   
to Abiathar the priests, Thus and thus did Ahithophel counsel Absalom and the   
elders of Israel; and thus and thus have I counseled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore send quickly, and   
tell David, saying, Lodge not this night in the plains of the wilderness, but   
speedily pass over; lest the king be swallowed up, and all the people that are  
with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now Jonathan and Ahimaaz stayed by Enrogel; for they might not be seen to come  
into the city: and a wench went and told them; and they went and told king      
David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Nevertheless a lad saw them, and told Absalom: but they went both of them away  
quickly, and came to a man's house in Bahurim, which had a well in his court;   
whither they went down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the woman took and spread a covering over the well's mouth, and 
spread ground corn thereon; and the thing was not known.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Absalom's servants came  
to the woman to the house, they said, Where is Ahimaaz and Jonathan? And the    
woman said unto them, They be gone over the brook of water. And when they had   
sought and could not find them, they returned to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, after    
they were departed, that they came up out of the well, and went and told king   
David, and said unto David, Arise, and pass quickly over the water: for thus    
hath Ahithophel counseled against you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David arose, and all the people that were  
with him, and they passed over Jordan: by the morning light there lacked not    
one of them that was not gone over Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Ahithophel saw that his counsel was    
not followed, he saddled his ass, and arose, and gat him home to his house, to  
his city, and put his household in order, and hanged himself, and died, and was 
buried in the sepulchre of his father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David came to Mahanaim. And Absalom passed 
over Jordan, he and all the men of Israel with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Absalom made Amasa captain of 
the host instead of Joab: which Amasa was a man's son, whose name was Ithra an  
Israelite, that went in to Abigail the daughter of Nahash, sister to Zeruiah    
Joab's mother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>So Israel and Absalom pitched in the land of Gilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when David   
was come to Mahanaim, that Shobi the son of Nahash of Rabbah of the children of 
Ammon, and Machir the son of Ammiel of Lodebar, and Barzillai the Gileadite of  
Rogelim,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Brought beds, and basins, and earthen vessels, and wheat, and barley, and       
flour, and parched corn, and beans, and lentils, and parched pulse,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And honey, and       
butter, and sheep, and cheese of kine, for David, and for the people that were  
with him, to eat: for they said, The people is hungry, and weary, and thirsty,  
in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B10C018.htm'>2nd Samuel 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
