<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C017.htm'>2nd Samuel 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second  
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And David numbered the people that were with him, and set captains of    
thousands, and captains of hundreds over them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And David sent forth a third part of the       
people under the hand of Joab, and a third part under the hand of Abishai the   
son of Zeruiah, Joab's brother, and a third part under the hand of Ittai the    
Gittite. And the king said unto the people, I will surely go forth with you     
myself also.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But the people answered, Thou shalt not go forth: for if we flee away, they     
will not care for us; neither if half of us die, will they care for us: but now 
thou art worth ten thousand of us: therefore now it is better that thou succor  
us out of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the king said unto them, What seemeth you best I will do. And the    
king stood by the gate side, and all the people came out by hundreds and by     
thousands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the king commanded Joab and Abishai and Ittai, saying, Deal gently for my sake  
with the young man, even with Absalom. And all the people heard when the king   
gave all the captains charge concerning Absalom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So the people went out into the     
field against Israel: and the battle was in the wood of Ephraim;</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Where the people of Israel  
were slain before the servants of David, and there was there a great slaughter  
that day of twenty thousand men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>For the battle was there scattered over the face of all the   
country: and the wood devoured more people that day than the sword devoured.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Absalom met   
the servants of David. And Absalom rode upon a mule, and the mule went under    
the thick boughs of a great oak, and his head caught hold of the oak, and he    
was taken up between the heaven and the earth; and the mule that was under him  
went away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And a certain man saw it, and told Joab, and said, Behold, I saw Absalom hanged 
in an oak.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Joab said unto the man that told him, And, behold, thou sawest him, and why 
didst thou not smite him there to the ground? and I would have given thee ten   
shekels of silver, and a girdle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>   
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man said unto Joab, Though I should receive a    
thousand shekels of silver in mine hand, yet would I not put forth mine hand    
against the king's son: for in our hearing the king charged thee and Abishai    
and Ittai, saying, Beware that none touch the young man Absalom.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Otherwise I should have   
wrought falsehood against mine own life: for there is no matter hid from the    
king, and thou thyself wouldest have set thyself against me.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Joab, I may not     
tarry thus with thee. And he took three darts in his hand, and thrust them      
through the heart of Absalom, while he was yet alive in the midst of the        
oak.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And ten 
young men that bare Joab's armor compassed about and smote Absalom, and slew    
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
Joab blew the trumpet, and the people returned from pursuing after Israel: for  
Joab held back the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>     
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took Absalom, and cast him into a great pit in the  
wood, and laid a very great heap of stones upon him: and all Israel fled every  
one to his tent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Now Absalom in his lifetime had taken and reared up for himself a        
pillar, which is in the king's dale: for he said, I have no son to keep my name 
in remembrance: and he called the pillar after his own name: and it is called   
unto this day, Absalom's place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok, Let me now run, and bear 
the king tidings, how that YHVH hath avenged him of his enemies.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joab said unto him,   
Thou shalt not bear tidings this day, but thou shalt bear tidings another day:  
but this day thou shalt bear no tidings, because the king's son is dead.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Joab  
to Cushy, Go tell the king what thou hast seen. And Cushy bowed himself unto    
Joab, and ran.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then said Ahimaaz the son of Zadok yet again to Joab, But howsoever, let me, 
I pray thee, also run after Cushy. And Joab said, Wherefore wilt thou run, my   
son, seeing that thou hast no tidings ready?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>But howsoever, said he, let me run. And he said 
unto him, Run. Then Ahimaaz ran by the way of the plain, and overran Cushy.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And David sat   
between the two gates: and the watchman went up to the roof over the gate unto  
the wall, and lifted up his eyes, and looked, and behold a man running          
alone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the watchman cried, and told the king. And the king said, If he be alone, there 
is tidings in his mouth. And he came apace, and drew near.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And the watchman saw another man  
running: and the watchman called unto the porter, and said, Behold another man  
running alone. And the king said, He also bringeth tidings.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the watchman said, Me     
thinketh the running of the foremost is like the running of Ahimaaz the son of  
Zadok. And the king said, He is a good man, and cometh with good tidings.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahimaaz     
called, and said unto the king, All is well. And he fell down to the earth upon 
his face before the king, and said, Blessed be YHVH thy ELOHIYM, which hath     
delivered up the men that lifted up their hand against my lord the king.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king    
said, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Ahimaaz answered, When Joab sent the   
king's servant, and me thy servant, I saw a great tumult, but I knew not what   
it was.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the king said unto him, Turn aside, and stand here. And he turned aside, and    
stood still.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>
And, behold, Cushy came; and Cushy said, Tidings, my lord the king: for YHVH    
hath avenged thee this day of all them that rose up against thee.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said unto    
Cushy, Is the young man Absalom safe? And Cushy answered, The enemies of my     
lord the king, and all that rise against thee to do thee hurt, be as that young 
man is.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the king was much moved, and went up to the chamber over the gate, and wept:    
and as he went, thus he said, O my son Absalom, my son, my son Absalom! would I 
had died for thee, O Absalom, my son, my son!</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This     
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B10C019.htm'>2nd Samuel 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
