<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name   
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C007.htm'>Exodus 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>  
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, Go unto Pharaoh, and   
say unto him, Thus saith YHVH, Let my people go, that they may serve me.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou       
refuse to let them go, behold, I will smite all thy borders with frogs:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the river shall    
bring forth frogs abundantly, which shall go up and come into thine house, and  
into thy bedchamber, and upon thy bed, and into the house of thy servants, and  
upon thy people, and into thine ovens, and into thy kneadingtroughs:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the frogs shall    
come up both on thee, and upon thy people, and upon all thy servants.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto    
Moses, Say unto Aaron, Stretch forth thine hand with thy rod over the streams,  
over the rivers, and over the ponds, and cause frogs to come up upon the land   
of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of Egypt; and the frogs came up,   
and covered the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the magicians did so with their enchantments, and brought 
up frogs upon the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Entreat    
YHVH, that he may take away the frogs from me, and from my people; and I will   
let the people go, that they may do sacrifice unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto Pharaoh, Glory  
over me: when shall I entreat for thee, and for thy servants, and for thy       
people, to destroy the frogs from thee and thy houses, that they may remain in  
the river only?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he said, To morrow. And he said, Be it according to thy word: that thou  
mayest know that there is none like unto YHVH our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the frogs shall depart from   
thee, and from thy houses, and from thy servants, and from thy people; they     
shall remain in the river only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh: and Moses cried   
unto YHVH because of the frogs which he had brought against Pharaoh.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH did         
according to the word of Moses; and the frogs died out of the houses, out of    
the villages, and out of the fields.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And they gathered them together upon heaps: and 
the land stank.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>
<P>But when Pharaoh saw that there was respite, he hardened his heart, and      
hearkened not unto them; as YHVH had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Say unto Aaron,       
Stretch out thy rod, and smite the dust of the land, that it may become lice    
throughout all the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>  
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they did so; for Aaron stretched out his hand with   
his rod, and smote the dust of the earth, and it became lice in man, and in     
beast; all the dust of the land became lice throughout all the land of          
Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice, but they      
could not: so there were lice upon man, and upon beast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the magicians said unto      
Pharaoh, This is the finger of ELOHIYM: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, and   
he hearkened not unto them; as YHVH had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Rise up early in   
the morning, and stand before Pharaoh; lo, he cometh forth to the water; and    
say unto him, Thus saith YHVH, Let my people go, that they may serve me.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Else, if thou   
wilt not let my people go, behold, I will send swarms of flies upon thee, and   
upon thy servants, and upon thy people, and into thy houses: and the houses of  
the Egyptians shall be full of swarms of flies, and also the ground whereon     
they are.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that 
no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am YHVH   
in the midst of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>     
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will put a division between my people and thy people:  
to morrow shall this sign be.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>  
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH did so; and there came a grievous swarm of flies    
into the house of Pharaoh, and into his servants' houses, and into all the land 
of Egypt: the land was corrupted by reason of the swarm of flies.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh called for    
Moses and for Aaron, and said, Go ye, sacrifice to your ELOHIYM in the land.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said, 
It is not meet so to do; for we shall sacrifice the abomination of the          
Egyptians to YHVH our ELOHIYM: lo, shall we sacrifice the abomination of the    
Egyptians before their eyes, and will they not stone us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>We will go three days' journey    
into the wilderness, and sacrifice to YHVH our ELOHIYM, as he shall command     
us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, that ye may sacrifice to YHVH your ELOHIYM in  
the wilderness; only ye shall not go very far away: entreat for me.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said,      
Behold, I go out from thee, and I will entreat YHVH that the swarms of flies    
may depart from Pharaoh, from his servants, and from his people, to morrow: but 
let not Pharaoh deal deceitfully any more in not letting the people go to       
sacrifice to YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Moses went out from Pharaoh, and entreated YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH did according to the 
word of Moses; and he removed the swarms of flies from Pharaoh, from his        
servants, and from his people; there remained not one.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh hardened his heart at 
this time also, neither would he let the people go.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>       
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B02C009.htm'>Exodus 9</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
