<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C012.htm'>2nd Chronicles 12</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now in the eighteenth year of   
king Jeroboam began Abijah to reign over Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>He reigned three years in Jerusalem. His       
mother's name also was Michaiah the daughter of Uriel of Gibeah. And there was  
war between Abijah and Jeroboam.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abijah set the battle in array with an army of valiant    
men of war, even four hundred thousand chosen men: Jeroboam also set the battle 
in array against him with eight hundred thousand chosen men, being mighty men   
of valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Abijah stood up upon mount Zemaraim, which is in mount Ephraim, and said, Hear  
me, thou Jeroboam, and all Israel;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>  
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Ought ye not to know that YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel gave the 
kingdom over Israel to David for ever, even to him and to his sons by a         
covenant of salt?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Yet Jeroboam the son of Nebat, the servant of Solomon the son of David, is   
risen up, and hath rebelled against his lord.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And there are gathered unto him vain men, the  
children of Belial, and have strengthened themselves against Rehoboam the son   
of Solomon, when Rehoboam was young and tenderhearted, and could not withstand  
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And now  
ye think to withstand the kingdom of YHVH in the hand of the sons of David; and 
ye be a great multitude, and there are with your golden calves, which Jeroboam  
made you for gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Have ye not cast out the priests of YHVH, the sons of Aaron, and the     
Levites, and have made you priests after the manner of the nations of other     
lands? so that whosoever cometh to consecrate himself with a young bullock and  
seven rams, the same may be a priest of them that are no gods.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But as for us, YHVH is our    
ELOHIYM, and we have not forsaken him; and the priests, which minister unto     
YHVH, are the sons of Aaron, and the Levites wait upon their business:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they burn unto   
YHVH every morning and every evening burnt sacrifices and sweet incense: the    
shewbread also set they in order upon the pure table; and the candlestick of    
gold with the lamps thereof, to burn every evening: for we keep the charge of   
YHVH our ELOHIYM; but ye have forsaken him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, ELOHIYM himself is with us for our 
captain, and his priests with sounding trumpets to cry alarm against you. O     
children of Israel, fight ye not against YHVH ELOHIYM of your fathers; for ye   
shall not prosper.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But Jeroboam caused an ambushment to come about behind them: so they     
were before Judah, and the ambushment was behind them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Judah looked back,       
behold, the battle was before and behind: and they cried unto YHVH, and the     
priests sounded with the trumpets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the men of Judah gave a shout: and as the men of    
Judah shouted, it came to pass, that ELOHIYM smote Jeroboam and all Israel      
before Abijah and Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and ELOHIYM delivered 
them into their hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Abijah and his people slew them with a great slaughter: so      
there fell down slain of Israel five hundred thousand chosen men.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus the children of      
Israel were brought under at that time, and the children of Judah prevailed,    
because they relied upon YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abijah pursued after          
Jeroboam, and took cities from him, Bethel with the towns thereof, and Jeshanah 
with the towns thereof, and Ephraim with the towns thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither did Jeroboam recover  
strength again in the days of Abijah: and YHVH struck him, and he died.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But Abijah waxed     
mighty, and married fourteen wives, and begat twenty and two sons, and sixteen  
daughters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the rest of the acts of Abijah, and his ways, and his sayings, are written  
in the story of the prophet Iddo.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is     
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C014.htm'>2nd Chronicles 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
