<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 12 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C011.htm'>2nd Chronicles 11</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when       
Rehoboam had established the kingdom, and had strengthened himself, he forsook  
the law of YHVH, and all Israel with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that in the fifth year of    
king Rehoboam Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, because they had 
transgressed against YHVH,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>
</TD><TD><P>With twelve hundred chariots, and threescore thousand horsemen: and 
the people were without number that came with him out of Egypt; the Lubims, the 
Sukkiims, and the Ethiopians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took the fenced cities which pertained to Judah, and   
came to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then came Shemaiah the prophet to Rehoboam, and to the princes of Judah, 
that were gathered together to Jerusalem because of Shishak, and said unto      
them, Thus saith YHVH, Ye have forsaken me, and therefore have I also left you  
in the hand of Shishak.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Whereupon the princes of Israel and the king humbled themselves;    
and they said, YHVH is righteous.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>   
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when YHVH saw that they humbled themselves, the word  
of YHVH came to Shemaiah, saying, They have humbled themselves; therefore I     
will not destroy them, but I will grant them some deliverance; and my wrath     
shall not be poured out upon Jerusalem by the hand of Shishak.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless they shall be his  
servants; that they may know my service, and the service of the kingdoms of the 
countries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
Shishak king of Egypt came up against Jerusalem, and took away the treasures of 
the house of YHVH, and the treasures of the king's house; he took all: he       
carried away also the shields of gold which Solomon had made.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Instead of which king         
Rehoboam made shields of brass, and committed them to the hands of the chief of 
the guard, that kept the entrance of the king's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the king entered into    
the house of YHVH, the guard came and fetched them, and brought them again into 
the guard chamber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And when he humbled himself, the wrath of YHVH turned from him, that he  
would not destroy him altogether: and also in Judah things went well.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>So king Rehoboam     
strengthened himself in Jerusalem, and reigned: for Rehoboam was one and forty  
years old when he began to reign, and he reigned seventeen years in Jerusalem,  
the city which YHVH had chosen out of all the tribes of Israel, to put his name 
there. And his mother's name was Naamah an Ammonitess.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did evil, because he       
prepared not his heart to seek YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, are   
they not written in the book of Shemaiah the prophet, and of Iddo the seer      
concerning genealogies? And there were wars between Rehoboam and Jeroboam       
continually.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Rehoboam slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and   
Abijah his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is  
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C013.htm'>2nd Chronicles 13</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
