<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 55 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C054.htm'>Isaiah 54</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 55</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Ho, every one that thirsteth, come ye to the waters, and he   
that hath no money; come ye, buy, and eat; yea, come, buy wine and milk without 
money and without price.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Wherefore do ye spend money for that which is not bread? and your   
labour for that which satisfieth not? hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye    
that which is good, and let your soul delight itself in fatness.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Incline your ear, and come  
unto me: hear, and your soul shall live; and I will make an everlasting         
covenant with you, even the sure mercies of David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have given him for a      
witness to the people, a leader and commander to the people.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, thou shalt call a       
nation that thou knowest not, and nations that knew not thee shall run unto     
thee because of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, and for the Holy One of Israel; for he hath   
glorified thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Seek ye YHVH while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Let the wicked    
forsake his way, and the unrighteous man his thoughts: and let him return unto  
YHVH, and he will have mercy upon him; and to our ELOHIYM, for he will          
abundantly pardon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways,    
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>   
For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your   
ways, and my thoughts than your thoughts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from  
heaven, and returneth not thither, but watereth the earth, and maketh it bring  
forth and bud, that it may give seed to the sower, and bread to the eater:</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>So shall my     
word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but 
it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing      
whereto I sent it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For ye shall go out with joy, and be led forth with peace: the mountains 
and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of   
the field shall clap their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>  
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Instead of the thorn shall come up the fir tree, and     
instead of the brier shall come up the myrtle tree: and it shall be to YHVH for 
a name, for an everlasting sign that shall not be cut off.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B23C056.htm'>Isaiah 56</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
