<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C003.htm'>Daniel 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Nebuchadnezzar the king, unto all people, nations, and languages, that   
dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>I thought it good to shew the signs 
and wonders that the high ELAHH hath wrought toward me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>How great are his signs! and how    
mighty are his wonders! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and his dominion 
is from generation to generation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>I Nebuchadnezzar was at rest in mine house, and           
flourishing in my palace:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>I saw a dream which made me afraid, and the thoughts upon my bed    
and the visions of my head troubled me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore made I a decree to bring in all the     
wise men of Babylon before me, that they might make known unto me the           
interpretation of the dream.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>    
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came in the magicians, the astrologers, the Chaldeans,   
and the soothsayers: and I told the dream before them; but they did not make    
known unto me the interpretation thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But at the last Daniel came in before me, whose   
name was Belteshazzar, according to the name of my ELAHH, and in whom is the    
spirit of the holy gods: and before him I told the dream, saying,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>O Belteshazzar, master of   
the magicians, because I know that the spirit of the holy gods is in thee, and  
no secret troubleth thee, tell me the visions of my dream that I have seen, and 
the interpretation thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>    
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus were the visions of mine head in my bed; I saw, and     
behold a tree in the midst of the earth, and the height thereof was great.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>The tree grew,  
and was strong, and the height thereof reached unto heaven, and the sight       
thereof to the end of all the earth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>The leaves thereof were fair, and the fruit     
thereof much, and in it was meat for all: the beasts of the field had shadow    
under it, and the fowls of the heaven dwelt in the boughs thereof, and all      
flesh was fed of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>I saw in the visions of my head upon my bed, and, behold, a watcher 
and an holy one came down from heaven;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>He cried aloud, and said thus, Hew down the     
tree, and cut off his branches, shake off his leaves, and scatter his fruit:    
let the beasts get away from under it, and the fowls from his branches:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless leave   
the stump of his roots in the earth, even with a band of iron and brass, in the 
tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of heaven, and let    
his portion be with the beasts in the grass of the earth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Let his heart be changed from     
man's, and let a beast's heart be given unto him; and let seven times pass over 
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>This    
matter is by the decree of the watchers, and the demand by the word of the holy 
ones: to the intent that the living may know that the ELYOWN ruleth in the      
kingdom of men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will, and setteth up over it the 
basest of men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>This dream I king Nebuchadnezzar have seen. Now thou, O Belteshazzar,        
declare the interpretation thereof, forasmuch as all the wise men of my kingdom 
are not able to make known unto me the interpretation: but thou art able; for   
the spirit of the holy gods is in thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, was   
astonied for one hour, and his thoughts troubled him. The king spake, and said, 
Belteshazzar, let not the dream, or the interpretation thereof, trouble thee.   
Belteshazzar answered and said, My lord, the dream be to them that hate thee,   
and the interpretation thereof to thine enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The tree that thou sawest, which  
grew, and was strong, whose height reached unto the heaven, and the sight       
thereof to all the earth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>      
21</H4></TD><TD><P>Whose leaves were fair, and the fruit thereof much, and in   
it was meat for all; under which the beasts of the field dwelt, and upon whose  
branches the fowls of the heaven had their habitation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>It is thou, O king, that art      
grown and become strong: for thy greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven,  
and thy dominion to the end of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And whereas the king saw a watcher and an holy  
one coming down from heaven, and saying, Hew the tree down, and destroy it; yet 
leave the stump of the roots thereof in the earth, even with a band of iron and 
brass, in the tender grass of the field; and let it be wet with the dew of      
heaven, and let his portion be with the beasts of the field, till seven times   
pass over him;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>This is the interpretation, O king, and this is the decree of the ELYOWN,    
which is come upon my lord the king:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>That they shall drive thee from men, and thy    
dwelling shall be with the beasts of the field, and they shall make thee to eat 
grass as oxen, and they shall wet thee with the dew of heaven, and seven times  
shall pass over thee, till thou know that the ELYOWN ruleth in the kingdom of   
men, and giveth it to whomsoever he will.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And whereas they commanded to leave the stump   
of the tree roots; thy kingdom shall be sure unto thee, after that thou shalt   
have known that the heavens do rule.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore, O king, let my counsel be acceptable 
unto thee, and break off thy sins by righteousness, and thine iniquities by     
shewing mercy to the poor; if it may be a lengthening of thy tranquillity.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>All this came   
upon the king Nebuchadnezzar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>  
29</H4></TD><TD><P>At the end of twelve months he walked in the palace of the   
kingdom of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>
<TD><P>The king spake, and said, Is not this great Babylon, that I have built   
for the house of the kingdom by the might of my power, and for the honour of my 
majesty?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>    
While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, 
O king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken; The kingdom is departed from       
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beasts of    
the field: they shall make thee to eat grass as oxen, and seven times shall     
pass over thee, until thou know that the ELYOWN ruleth in the kingdom of men,   
and giveth it to whomsoever he will.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon      
Nebuchadnezzar: and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxen, and his  
body was wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagles'     
feathers, and his nails like birds' claws.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar     
lifted up mine eyes unto heaven, and mine understanding returned unto me, and I 
blessed the ELYOWN, and I praised and honoured him that liveth for ever, whose  
dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to      
generation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing: and he doeth       
according to his will in the army of heaven, and among the inhabitants of the   
earth: and none can stay his hand, or say unto him, What doest thou?</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>At the same time my  
reason returned unto me; and for the glory of my kingdom, mine honour and       
brightness returned unto me; and my counsellors and my lords sought unto me;    
and I was established in my kingdom, and excellent majesty was added unto       
me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Now I    
Nebuchadnezzar praise and extol and honour the King of heaven, all whose works  
are truth, and his ways judgment: and those that walk in pride he is able to    
abase.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C005.htm'>Daniel 5</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
