<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 47 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C046.htm'>Isaiah 46</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 47</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Come down, and sit in the dust, O virgin daughter of Babylon, 
sit on the ground: there is no throne, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou    
shalt no more be called tender and delicate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Take the millstones, and grind meal: uncover thy  
locks, make bare the leg, uncover the thigh, pass over the rivers.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy nakedness shall be      
uncovered, yea, thy shame shall be seen: I will take vengeance, and I will not  
meet thee as a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>As for our redeemer, YHVH of hosts is his name, the Holy One of          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Sit    
thou silent, and get thee into darkness, O daughter of the Chaldeans: for thou  
shalt no more be called, The lady of kingdoms.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>I was wroth with my people, I have polluted    
mine inheritance, and given them into thine hand: thou didst shew them no       
mercy; upon the ancient hast thou very heavily laid thy yoke.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou saidst, I shall be a   
lady for ever: so that thou didst not lay these things to thy heart, neither    
didst remember the latter end of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore hear now this, thou that art given to           
pleasures, that dwellest carelessly, that sayest in thine heart, I am, and none 
else beside me; I shall not sit as a widow, neither shall I know the loss of    
children:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
these two things shall come to thee in a moment in one day, the loss of         
children, and widowhood: they shall come upon thee in their perfection for the  
multitude of thy sorceries, and for the great abundance of thine                
enchantments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>For thou hast trusted in thy wickedness: thou hast said, None seeth me. Thy  
wisdom and thy knowledge, it hath perverted thee; and thou hast said in thine   
heart, I am, and none else beside me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall evil come upon thee; thou shalt 
not know from whence it riseth: and mischief shall fall upon thee; thou shalt   
not be able to put it off: and desolation shall come upon thee suddenly, which  
thou shalt not know.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Stand now with thine enchantments, and with the multitude of thy    
sorceries, wherein thou hast laboured from thy youth; if so be thou shalt be    
able to profit, if so be thou mayest prevail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou art wearied in the multitude of thy     
counsels. Let now the astrologers, the stargazers, the monthly prognosticators, 
stand up, and save thee from these things that shall come upon thee.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, they shall   
be as stubble; the fire shall burn them; they shall not deliver themselves from 
the power of the flame: there shall not be a coal to warm at, nor fire to sit   
before it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Thus shall they be unto thee with whom thou hast laboured, even thy merchants,  
from thy youth: they shall wander every one to his quarter; none shall save     
thee.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C048.htm'>Isaiah 48</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
