<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C001.htm'>Numbers 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron,         
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Every  
man of the children of Israel shall pitch by his own standard, with the ensign  
of their father's house: far off about the tabernacle of the congregation shall 
they pitch.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And on the east side toward the rising of the sun shall they of the standard of 
the camp of Judah pitch throughout their armies: and Nahshon the son of         
Amminadab shall be captain of the children of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were   
numbered of them, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six hundred.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that do 
pitch next unto him shall be the tribe of Issachar: and Nethaneel the son of    
Zuar shall be captain of the children of Issachar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were   
numbered thereof, were fifty and four thousand and four hundred.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the tribe of Zebulun:  
and Eliab the son of Helon shall be captain of the children of Zebulun.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and      
those that were numbered thereof, were fifty and seven thousand and four        
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>All   
that were numbered in the camp of Judah were an hundred thousand and fourscore  
thousand and six thousand and four hundred, throughout their armies. These      
shall first set forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben       
according to their armies: and the captain of the children of Reuben shall be   
Elizur the son of Shedeur.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>     
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were numbered thereof, were     
forty and six thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And those which pitch by him shall be the tribe 
of Simeon: and the captain of the children of Simeon shall be Shelumiel the son 
of Zurishaddai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were fifty and nine      
thousand and three hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>    
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the tribe of Gad: and the captain of the sons of Gad    
shall be Eliasaph the son of Reuel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were 
forty and five thousand and six hundred and fifty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>All that were numbered in the     
camp of Reuben were an hundred thousand and fifty and one thousand and four     
hundred and fifty, throughout their armies. And they shall set forth in the     
second rank.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>
Then the tabernacle of the congregation shall set forward with the camp of the  
Levites in the midst of the camp: as they encamp, so shall they set forward,    
every man in his place by their standards.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>On the west side shall be the standard of the   
camp of Ephraim according to their armies: and the captain of the sons of       
Ephraim shall be Elishama the son of Ammihud.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were numbered   
of them, were forty thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And by him shall be the tribe of Manasseh:   
and the captain of the children of Manasseh shall be Gamaliel the son of        
Pedahzur.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And his host, and those that were numbered of them, were thirty and two         
thousand and two hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>      
22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the tribe of Benjamin: and the captain of the sons of   
Benjamin shall be Abidan the son of Gideoni.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were numbered of   
them, were thirty and five thousand and four hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>All that were numbered of the     
camp of Ephraim were an hundred thousand and eight thousand and an hundred,     
throughout their armies. And they shall go forward in the third rank.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>The standard of the  
camp of Dan shall be on the north side by their armies: and the captain of the  
children of Dan shall be Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were 
numbered of them, were threescore and two thousand and seven hundred.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that       
encamp by him shall be the tribe of Asher: and the captain of the children of   
Asher shall be Pagiel the son of Ocran.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and those that were numbered of   
them, were forty and one thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the tribe of Naphtali: and   
the captain of the children of Naphtali shall be Ahira the son of Enan.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And his host, and    
those that were numbered of them, were fifty and three thousand and four        
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>All 
they that were numbered in the camp of Dan were an hundred thousand and fifty   
and seven thousand and six hundred. They shall go hindmost with their           
standards.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>  
These are those which were numbered of the children of Israel by the house of   
their fathers: all those that were numbered of the camps throughout their hosts 
were six hundred thousand and three thousand and five hundred and fifty.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Levites 
were not numbered among the children of Israel; as YHVH commanded Moses.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And the         
children of Israel did according to all that YHVH commanded Moses: so they      
pitched by their standards, and so they set forward, every one after their      
families, according to the house of their fathers.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B04C003.htm'>Numbers 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
