<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C001.htm'>Joshua 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Joshua the son of Nun sent out of Shittim two men to spy secretly, saying,  
Go view the land, even Jericho. And they went, and came into an harlot's house, 
named Rahab, and lodged there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>  
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told the king of Jericho, saying, Behold, there    
came men in hither to night of the children of Israel to search out the         
country.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the king of Jericho sent unto Rahab, saying, Bring forth the men that are come  
to thee, which are entered into thine house: for they be come to search out all 
the country.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the woman took the two men, and hid them, and said thus, There came men     
unto me, but I wist not whence they were:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass about the time of shutting of 
the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out: whither the men went I wot   
not: pursue after them quickly; for ye shall overtake them.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But she had brought them up to  
the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid 
in order upon the roof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords:    
and as soon as they which pursued after them were gone out, they shut the       
gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
before they were laid down, she came up unto them upon the roof;</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto the men,  
I know that YHVH hath given you the land, and that your terror is fallen upon   
us, and that all the inhabitants of the land faint because of you.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For we have heard how     
YHVH dried up the water of the Red sea for you, when ye came out of Egypt; and  
what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites, that were on the other side     
Jordan, Sihon and Og, whom ye utterly destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And as soon as we had heard these 
things, our hearts did melt, neither did there remain any more courage in any   
man, because of you: for YHVH your ELOHIYM, he is ELOHIYM in heaven above, and  
in earth beneath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now therefore, I pray you, swear unto me by YHVH, since I have showed    
you kindness, that ye will also show kindness unto my father's house, and give  
me a true token:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And that ye will save alive my father, and my mother, and my brethren,   
and my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men     
answered her, Our life for yours, if ye utter not this our business. And it     
shall be, when YHVH hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly and truly  
with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then she let them down by a cord through the window: for her house was upon the 
town wall, and she dwelt upon the wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto them, Get you to the          
mountain, lest the pursuers meet you; and hide yourselves there three days,     
until the pursuers be returned: and afterward may ye go your way.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men said unto     
her, We will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, when we 
come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window   
which thou didst let us down by: and thou shalt bring thy father, and thy       
mother, and thy brethren, and all thy father's household, home unto thee.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
be, that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his  
blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless: and whosoever shall be  
with thee in the house, his blood shall be on our head, if any hand be upon     
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And if  
thou utter this our business, then we will be quit of thine oath which thou     
hast made us to swear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And she said, According unto your words, so be it. And she sent     
them away, and they departed: and she bound the scarlet line in the window.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And they went,  
and came unto the mountain, and abode there three days, until the pursuers were 
returned: and the pursuers sought them throughout all the way, but found them   
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So the  
two men returned, and descended from the mountain, and passed over, and came to 
Joshua the son of Nun, and told him all things that befell them:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto        
Joshua, Truly YHVH hath delivered into our hands all the land; for even all the 
inhabitants of the country do faint because of us.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B06C003.htm'>Joshua 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
