<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C013.htm'>Exodus 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children of  
Israel, that they turn and encamp before Pihahiroth, between Migdol and the     
sea, over against Baalzephon: before it shall ye encamp by the sea.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For Pharaoh will say   
of the children of Israel, They are entangled in the land, the wilderness hath  
shut them in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, that he shall follow after them; and I will  
be honored upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host; that the Egyptians may know     
that I am YHVH. And they did so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told the king of Egypt that the people fled: and   
the heart of Pharaoh and of his servants was turned against the people, and     
they said, Why have we done this, that we have let Israel go from serving       
us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he     
made ready his chariot, and took his people with him:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took six hundred chosen      
chariots, and all the chariots of Egypt, and captains over every one of         
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH 
hardened the heart of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and he pursued after the children  
of Israel: and the children of Israel went out with an high hand.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Egyptians pursued   
after them, all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh, and his horsemen, and his   
army, and overtook them encamping by the sea, beside Pihahiroth, before         
Baalzephon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And when Pharaoh drew nigh, the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and,   
behold, the Egyptians marched after them; and they were sore afraid: and the    
children of Israel cried out unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto Moses, Because there were no 
graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? wherefore    
hast thou dealt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt?</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Is not this the word that we  
did tell thee in Egypt, saying, Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians?  
For it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than that we should die   
in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Moses said unto the people, Fear ye not, stand still, and see the    
salvation of YHVH, which he will show to you to day: for the Egyptians whom ye  
have seen to day, ye shall see them again no more for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall fight for you, and 
ye shall hold your peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>      
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Wherefore criest thou unto me?     
speak unto the children of Israel, that they go forward:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But lift thou up thy rod, and     
stretch out thine hand over the sea, and divide it: and the children of Israel  
shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And I, behold, I will harden the  
hearts of the Egyptians, and they shall follow them: and I will get me honor    
upon Pharaoh, and upon all his host, upon his chariots, and upon his            
horsemen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the Egyptians shall know that I am YHVH, when I have gotten me honor upon   
Pharaoh, upon his chariots, and upon his horsemen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel of ELOHIYM, which   
went before the camp of Israel, removed and went behind them; and the pillar of 
the cloud went from before their face, and stood behind them:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came between the camp  
of the Egyptians and the camp of Israel; and it was a cloud and darkness to     
them, but it gave light by night to these: so that the one came not near the    
other all the night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Moses stretched out his hand over the sea; and YHVH caused the  
sea to go back by a strong east wind all that night, and made the sea dry land, 
and the waters were divided.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>   
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel went into the midst of the sea    
upon the dry ground: and the waters were a wall unto them on their right hand,  
and on their left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the Egyptians pursued, and went in after them to the midst of the    
sea, even all Pharaoh's horses, his chariots, and his horsemen.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that 
in the morning watch YHVH looked unto the host of the Egyptians through the     
pillar of fire and of the cloud, and troubled the host of the Egyptians,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And took off    
their chariot wheels, that they drave them heavily: so that the Egyptians said, 
Let us flee from the face of Israel; for YHVH fighteth for them against the     
Egyptians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And YHVH said unto Moses, Stretch out thine hand over the sea, that the waters  
may come again upon the Egyptians, upon their chariots, and upon their          
horsemen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Moses stretched forth his hand over the sea, and the sea returned to his    
strength when the morning appeared; and the Egyptians fled against it; and YHVH 
overthrew the Egyptians in the midst of the sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And the waters returned, and      
covered the chariots, and the horsemen, and all the host of Pharaoh that came   
into the sea after them; there remained not so much as one of them.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>But the children of  
Israel walked upon dry land in the midst of the sea; and the waters were a wall 
unto them on their right hand, and on their left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus YHVH saved Israel that day   
out of the hand of the Egyptians; and Israel saw the Egyptians dead upon the    
sea shore.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Israel saw that great work which YHVH did upon the Egyptians: and the       
people feared YHVH, and believed YHVH, and his servant Moses.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B02C015.htm'>Exodus 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
