<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 26 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C025.htm'>Leviticus 25</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 26</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall make you no idols nor  
graven image, neither rear you up a standing image, neither shall ye set up any 
image of stone in your land, to bow down unto it: for I am YHVH your            
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye    
shall keep my sabbaths, and reverence my sanctuary: I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>If ye walk in my statutes, and  
keep my commandments, and do them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>  
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I will give you rain in due season, and the land     
shall yield her increase, and the trees of the field shall yield their          
fruit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
your threshing shall reach unto the vintage, and the vintage shall reach unto   
the sowing time: and ye shall eat your bread to the full, and dwell in your     
land safely.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And I will give peace in the land, and ye shall lie down, and none shall make   
you afraid: and I will rid evil beasts out of the land, neither shall the sword 
go through your land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And ye shall chase your enemies, and they shall fall before you by the   
sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
five of you shall chase an hundred, and an hundred of you shall put ten         
thousand to flight: and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will have   
respect unto you, and make you fruitful, and multiply you, and establish my     
covenant with you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And ye shall eat old store, and bring forth the old because of the       
new.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I   
set my tabernacle among you: and my soul shall not abhor you.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will walk among you,    
and will be your ELOHIYM, and ye shall be my people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>I am YHVH your ELOHIYM, which     
brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, that ye should not be their         
bondmen; and I have broken the bands of your yoke, and made you go upright.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye will  
not hearken unto me, and will not do all these commandments;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And if ye shall despise my    
statutes, or if your soul abhor my judgments, so that ye will not do all my     
commandments, but that ye break my covenant:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>I also will do this unto you; I will even       
appoint over you terror, consumption, and the burning ague, that shall consume  
the eyes, and cause sorrow of heart: and ye shall sow your seed in vain, for    
your enemies shall eat it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>     
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set my face against you, and ye shall be slain    
before your enemies: they that hate you shall reign over you; and ye shall flee 
when none pursueth you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And if ye will not yet for all this hearken unto me, then I will    
punish you seven times more for your sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will break the pride of your power; and I 
will make your heaven as iron, and your earth as brass:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And your strength shall be spent  
in vain: for your land shall not yield her increase, neither shall the trees of 
the land yield their fruits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>   
21</H4></TD><TD><P>And if ye walk contrary unto me, and will not hearken unto   
me; I will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>I will also     
send wild beasts among you, which shall rob you of your children, and destroy   
your cattle, and make you few in number; and your high ways shall be            
desolate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And if ye will not be reformed by me by these things, but will walk contrary    
unto me;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then will I also walk contrary unto you, and will punish you yet seven times    
for your sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And I will bring a sword upon you, that shall avenge the quarrel of my       
covenant: and when ye are gathered together within your cities, I will send the 
pestilence among you; and ye shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And when I have 
broken the staff of your bread, ten women shall bake your bread in one oven,    
and they shall deliver you your bread again by weight: and ye shall eat, and    
not be satisfied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And if ye will not for all this hearken unto me, but walk contrary unto  
me;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I   
will walk contrary unto you also in fury; and I, even I, will chastise you      
seven times for your sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>     
29</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall eat the flesh of your sons, and the flesh of    
your daughters shall ye eat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>   
30</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will destroy your high places, and cut down your       
images, and cast your carcasses upon the carcasses of your idols, and my soul   
shall abhor you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And I will make your cities waste, and bring your sanctuaries unto       
desolation, and I will not smell the savor of your sweet odors.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring the land 
into desolation: and your enemies which dwell therein shall be astonished at    
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And I    
will scatter you among the heathen, and will draw out a sword after you: and    
your land shall be desolate, and your cities waste.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall the land enjoy her     
sabbaths, as long as it lieth desolate, and ye be in your enemies' land; even   
then shall the land rest, and enjoy her sabbaths.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>As long as it lieth desolate it   
shall rest; because it did not rest in your sabbaths, when ye dwelt upon it.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And upon them   
that are left alive of you I will send a faintness into their hearts in the     
lands of their enemies; and the sound of a shaken leaf shall chase them; and    
they shall flee, as fleeing from a sword; and they shall fall when none         
pursueth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And they shall fall one upon another, as it were before a sword, when none      
pursueth: and ye shall have no power to stand before your enemies.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall perish among 
the heathen, and the land of your enemies shall eat you up.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And they that are left of you 
shall pine away in their iniquity in your enemies' lands; and also in the       
iniquities of their fathers shall they pine away with them.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>If they shall confess their   
iniquity, and the iniquity of their fathers, with their trespass which they     
trespassed against me, and that also they have walked contrary unto me;</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And that I also have 
walked contrary unto them, and have brought them into the land of their         
enemies; if then their uncircumcised hearts be humbled, and they then accept of 
the punishment of their iniquity:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42>  
<H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I remember my covenant with Jacob, and also my 
covenant with Isaac, and also my covenant with Abraham will I remember; and I   
will remember the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>The land also shall be left of them, and shall enjoy her sabbaths,  
while she lieth desolate without them: and they shall accept of the punishment  
of their iniquity: because, even because they despised my judgments, and        
because their soul abhorred my statutes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And yet for all that, when they be in the land  
of their enemies, I will not cast them away, neither will I abhor them, to      
destroy them utterly, and to break my covenant with them: for I am YHVH their   
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
I will for their sakes remember the covenant of their ancestors, whom I brought 
forth out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the heathen, that I might be     
their ELOHIYM: I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>      
46</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the statutes and judgments and laws, which YHVH    
made between him and the children of Israel in mount Sinai by the hand of       
Moses.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C027.htm'>Leviticus 27</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
