<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 33 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C032.htm'>2nd Chronicles 32</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 33</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Manasseh was twelve years old   
when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and five years in Jerusalem:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But did that      
which was evil in the sight of YHVH, like unto the abominations of the heathen, 
whom YHVH had cast out before the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For he built again the high places  
which Hezekiah his father had broken down, and he reared up altars for Baalim,  
and made groves, and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served them.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Also he built     
altars in the house of YHVH, whereof YHVH had said, In Jerusalem shall my name  
be for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he built altars for all the host of heaven in the two courts of the house   
of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he caused his children to pass through the fire in the valley of the son of     
Hinnom: also he observed times, and used enchantments, and used witchcraft, and 
dealt with a familiar spirit, and with wizards: he wrought much evil in the     
sight of YHVH, to provoke him to anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set a carved image, the idol which he had  
made, in the house of ELOHIYM, of which ELOHIYM had said to David and to        
Solomon his son, In this house, and in Jerusalem, which I have chosen before    
all the tribes of Israel, will I put my name for ever:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither will I any more remove the  
foot of Israel from out of the land which I have appointed for your fathers; so 
that they will take heed to do all that I have commanded them, according to the 
whole law and the statutes and the ordinances by the hand of Moses.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So Manasseh made Judah 
and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to err, and to do worse than the heathen, whom 
YHVH had destroyed before the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake to Manasseh, and   
to his people: but they would not hearken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore YHVH brought upon them the captains   
of the host of the king of Assyria, which took Manasseh among the thorns, and   
bound him with fetters, and carried him to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he was in affliction, he 
besought YHVH his ELOHIYM, and humbled himself greatly before the ELOHIYM of    
his fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>
And prayed unto him: and he was intreated of him, and heard his supplication,   
and brought him again to Jerusalem into his kingdom. Then Manasseh knew that    
YHVH he was ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now after this he built a wall without the city of David, on the    
west side of Gihon, in the valley, even to the entering in at the fish gate,    
and compassed about Ophel, and raised it up a very great height, and put        
captains of war in all the fenced cities of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took away the strange      
gods, and the idol out of the house of YHVH, and all the altars that he had     
built in the mount of the house of YHVH, and in Jerusalem, and cast them out of 
the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he repaired the altar of YHVH, and sacrificed thereon peace offerings and   
thank offerings, and commanded Judah to serve YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless the     
people did sacrifice still in the high places, yet unto YHVH their ELOHIYM      
only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Now    
the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and his prayer unto his ELOHIYM, and the      
words of the seers that spake to him in the name of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel,     
behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>His prayer also, and how was  
intreated of him, and all his sins, and his trespass, and the places wherein he 
built high places, and set up groves and graven images, before he was humbled:  
behold, they are written among the sayings of the seers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>So Manasseh slept with his        
fathers, and they buried him in his own house: and Amon his son reigned in his  
stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Amon  
was two and twenty years old when he began to reign, and reigned two years in   
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But he did that which was evil in the sight of YHVH, as did Manasseh his        
father: for Amon sacrificed unto all the carved images which Manasseh his       
father had made, and served them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23>  
<H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And humbled not himself before YHVH, as Manasseh his     
father had humbled himself; but Amon trespassed more and more.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And his servants conspired    
against him, and slew him in his own house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But the people of the land slew all them that   
had conspired against king Amon; and the people of the land made Josiah his son 
king in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C034.htm'>2nd Chronicles 34</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
