<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James       
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C006.htm'>1st Samuel 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the men of Kirjathjearim came, and fetched up the ark of YHVH, and   
brought it into the house of Abinadab in the hill, and sanctified Eleazar his   
son to keep the ark of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>    
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, while the ark abode in Kirjathjearim,    
that the time was long; for it was twenty years: and all the house of Israel    
lamented after YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, If ye do return   
unto YHVH with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and Ashtaroth    
from among you, and prepare your hearts unto YHVH, and serve him only: and he   
will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the children of Israel did put 
away Baalim and Ashtaroth, and served YHVH only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samuel said, Gather all Israel  
to Mizpeh, and I will pray for you unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they gathered together to Mizpeh, and drew 
water, and poured it out before YHVH, and fasted on that day, and said there,   
We have sinned against YHVH. And Samuel judged the children of Israel in        
Mizpeh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together   
to Mizpeh, the lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the    
children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of the Philistines.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel  
said to Samuel, Cease not to cry unto YHVH our ELOHIYM for us, that he will     
save us out of the hand of the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samuel took a sucking lamb, and offered it    
for a burnt offering wholly unto YHVH: and Samuel cried unto YHVH for Israel;   
and YHVH heard him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew   
near to battle against Israel: but YHVH thundered with a great thunder on that  
day upon the Philistines, and discomfited them; and they were smitten before    
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the men of Israel went out of Mizpeh, and pursued the Philistines, and smote    
them, until they came under Bethcar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between    
Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying, Hitherto hath YHVH 
helped us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>  
So the Philistines were subdued, and they came no more into the coast of        
Israel: and the hand of YHVH was against the Philistines all the days of        
Samuel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel, 
from Ekron even unto Gath; and the coasts thereof did Israel deliver out of the 
hands of the Philistines. And there was peace between Israel and the            
Amorites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Samuel judged Israel all the days of his life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went from year to year in  
circuit to Bethel, and Gilgal, and Mizpeh, and judged Israel in all those       
places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
his return was to Ramah; for there was his house; and there he judged Israel;   
and there he built an altar unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software   
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B09C008.htm'>1st Samuel 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
