<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C001.htm'>Daniel 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And in the second year of the reign of Nebuchadnezzar Nebuchadnezzar     
dreamed dreams, wherewith his spirit was troubled, and his sleep brake from     
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the  
king commanded to call the magicians, and the astrologers, and the sorcerers,   
and the Chaldeans, for to shew the king his dreams. So they came and stood      
before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the king said unto them, I have dreamed a dream, and my spirit was       
troubled to know the dream.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>     
4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then spake the Chaldeans to the king in Syriack, O king, live 
for ever: tell thy servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The king answered 
and said to the Chaldeans, The thing is gone from me: if ye will not make known 
unto me the dream, with the interpretation thereof, ye shall be cut in pieces,  
and your houses shall be made a dunghill.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye shew the dream, and the interpretation  
thereof, ye shall receive of me gifts and rewards and great honour: therefore   
shew me the dream, and the interpretation thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>They answered again and said, Let   
the king tell his servants the dream, and we will shew the interpretation of    
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The king   
answered and said, I know of certainty that ye would gain the time, because ye  
see the thing is gone from me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye will not make known unto me the dream, there is but 
one decree for you: for ye have prepared lying and corrupt words to speak       
before me, till the time be changed: therefore tell me the dream, and I shall   
know that ye can shew me the interpretation thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The Chaldeans answered before the 
king, and said, There is not a man upon the earth that can shew the king's      
matter: therefore there is no king, lord, nor ruler, that asked such things at  
any magician, or astrologer, or Chaldean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it is a rare thing that the king requireth, 
and there is none other that can shew it before the king, except the gods,      
whose dwelling is not with flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>  
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For this cause the king was angry and very furious, and  
commanded to destroy all the wise men of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the decree went forth that    
the wise men should be slain; and they sought Daniel and his fellows to be      
slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's     
guard, which was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>He answered and said to       
Arioch the king's captain, Why is the decree so hasty from the king? Then       
Arioch made the thing known to Daniel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king    
that he would give him time, and that he would shew the king the                
interpretation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then Daniel went to his house, and made the thing known to Hananiah,         
Mishael, and Azariah, his companions:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>That they would desire mercies of the ELAHH of  
heaven concerning this secret; that Daniel and his fellows should not perish    
with the rest of the wise men of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then was the secret revealed unto Daniel in a   
night vision. Then Daniel blessed the ELAHH of heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Daniel answered and said, Blessed 
be the name of ELAHH for ever and ever: for wisdom and might are his:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And he changeth the  
times and the seasons: he removeth kings, and setteth up kings: he giveth       
wisdom unto the wise, and knowledge to them that know understanding:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>He revealeth the     
deep and secret things: he knoweth what is in the darkness, and the light       
dwelleth with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>I thank thee, and praise thee, O thou ELAHH of my fathers, who hast      
given me wisdom and might, and hast made known unto me now what we desired of   
thee: for thou hast now made known unto us the king's matter.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore Daniel went in unto 
Arioch, whom the king had ordained to destroy the wise men of Babylon: he went  
and said thus unto him; Destroy not the wise men of Babylon: bring me in before 
the king, and I will shew unto the king the interpretation.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Arioch brought in Daniel 
before the king in haste, and said thus unto him, I have found a man of the     
captives of Judah, that will make known unto the king the interpretation.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>The king        
answered and said to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar, Art thou able to make 
known unto me the dream which I have seen, and the interpretation thereof?</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Daniel answered 
in the presence of the king, and said, The secret which the king hath demanded  
cannot the wise men, the astrologers, the magicians, the soothsayers, shew unto 
the king;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But there is a ELAHH in heaven that revealeth secrets, and maketh known to the  
king Nebuchadnezzar what shall be in the latter days. Thy dream, and the        
visions of thy head upon thy bed, are these;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>As for thee, O king, thy thoughts came into thy 
mind upon thy bed, what should come to pass hereafter: and he that revealeth    
secrets maketh known to thee what shall come to pass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>But as for me, this secret is not 
revealed to me for any wisdom that I have more than any living, but for their   
sakes that shall make known the interpretation to the king, and that thou       
mightest know the thoughts of thy heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou, O king, sawest, and behold a great image. 
This great image, whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the    
form thereof was terrible.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>     
32</H4></TD><TD><P>This image's head was of fine gold, his breast and his arms  
of silver, his belly and his thighs of brass,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>His legs of iron, his feet part of iron and  
part of clay.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Thou sawest till that a stone was cut out without hands, which smote the     
image upon his feet that were of iron and clay, and brake them to pieces.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Then was the    
iron, the clay, the brass, the silver, and the gold, broken to pieces together, 
and became like the chaff of the summer threshingfloors; and the wind carried   
them away, that no place was found for them: and the stone that smote the image 
became a great mountain, and filled the whole earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the dream; and we will    
tell the interpretation thereof before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou, O king, art a king of       
kings: for the ELAHH of heaven hath given thee a kingdom, power, and strength,  
and glory.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And wheresoever the children of men dwell, the beasts of the field and the      
fowls of the heaven hath he given into thine hand, and hath made thee ruler     
over them all. Thou art this head of gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And after thee shall arise another kingdom      
inferior to thee, and another third kingdom of brass, which shall bear rule     
over all the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the fourth kingdom shall be strong as iron: forasmuch as iron        
breaketh in pieces and subdueth all things: and as iron that breaketh all       
these, shall it break in pieces and bruise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And whereas thou sawest the feet and toes, part 
of potters' clay, and part of iron, the kingdom shall be divided; but there     
shall be in it of the strength of the iron, forasmuch as thou sawest the iron   
mixed with miry clay.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And as the toes of the feet were part of iron, and part of clay, so 
the kingdom shall be partly strong, and partly broken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And whereas thou sawest iron      
mixed with miry clay, they shall mingle themselves with the seed of men: but    
they shall not cleave one to another, even as iron is not mixed with clay.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the days 
of these kings shall the ELAHH of heaven set up a kingdom, which shall never be 
destroyed: and the kingdom shall not be left to other people, but it shall      
break in pieces and consume all these kingdoms, and it shall stand for ever.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>Forasmuch as    
thou sawest that the stone was cut out of the mountain without hands, and that  
it brake in pieces the iron, the brass, the clay, the silver, and the gold; the 
great ELAHH hath made known to the king what shall come to pass hereafter: and  
the dream is certain, and the interpretation thereof sure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king Nebuchadnezzar fell 
upon his face, and worshipped Daniel, and commanded that they should offer an   
oblation and sweet odours unto him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47>
<H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>The king answered unto Daniel, and said, Of a truth it   
is, that your ELAHH is a ELAHH of gods, and a MARE of kings, and a revealer of  
secrets, seeing thou couldest reveal this secret.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king made Daniel a great 
man, and gave him many great gifts, and made him ruler over the whole province  
of Babylon, and chief of the governors over all the wise men of Babylon.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Daniel     
requested of the king, and he set Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, over the     
affairs of the province of Babylon: but Daniel sat in the gate of the king.</P> 
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C003.htm'>Daniel 3</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
