<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C002.htm'>Daniel 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Nebuchadnezzar the king made an image of gold, whose height was          
threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof six cubits: he set it up in the      
plain of Dura, in the province of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Nebuchadnezzar the king sent to gather       
together the princes, the governors, and the captains, the judges, the          
treasurers, the counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, 
to come to the dedication of the image which Nebuchadnezzar the king had set    
up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the   
princes, the governors, and captains, the judges, the treasurers, the           
counsellors, the sheriffs, and all the rulers of the provinces, were gathered   
together unto the dedication of the image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set  
up; and they stood before the image that Nebuchadnezzar had set up.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then an herald cried   
aloud, To you it is commanded, O people, nations, and languages,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>That at what time ye hear   
the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, dulcimer, and all      
kinds of musick, ye fall down and worship the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar  
the king hath set up:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast   
into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore at that time, when all the people heard 
the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery, and all kinds of       
musick, all the people, the nations, and the languages, fell down and           
worshipped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore at that time 
certain Chaldeans came near, and accused the Jews.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>They spake and said to the king     
Nebuchadnezzar, O king, live for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou, O king, hast made a decree, that every    
man that shall hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sackbut, psaltery,    
and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, shall fall down and worship the golden   
image:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
whoso falleth not down and worshippeth, that he should be cast into the midst   
of a burning fiery furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>There are certain Jews whom thou hast set over the affairs   
of the province of Babylon, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; these men, O king, 
have not regarded thee: they serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image   
which thou hast set up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring         
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Then they brought these men before the         
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them, Is it true, O Shadrach, Meshach, and   
Abednego, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have    
set up?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now  
if ye be ready that at what time ye hear the sound of the cornet, flute, harp,  
sackbut, psaltery, and dulcimer, and all kinds of musick, ye fall down and      
worship the image which I have made; well: but if ye worship not, ye shall be   
cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace; and who is that   
ELAHH that shall deliver you out of my hands?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, answered    
and said to the king, O Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in    
this matter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>
If it be so, our ELAHH whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning     
fiery furnace, and he will deliver us out of thine hand, O king.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But if not, be it known   
unto thee, O king, that we will not serve thy gods, nor worship the golden      
image which thou hast set up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>  
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his    
visage was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego: therefore he spake, 
and commanded that they should heat the furnace one seven times more than it    
was wont to be heated.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind  
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery        
furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosen, and their hats, and      
their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery         
furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Therefore because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace exceeding  
hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Meshach, and  
Abednego.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And these three men, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, fell down bound into the  
midst of the burning fiery furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonied, and rose up   
in haste, and spake, and said unto his counsellors, Did not we cast three men   
bound into the midst of the fire? They answered and said unto the king, True, O 
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>He     
answered and said, Lo, I see four men loose, walking in the midst of the fire,  
and they have no hurt; and the form of the fourth is like the Son of ELAHH.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then            
Nebuchadnezzar came near to the mouth of the burning fiery furnace, and spake,  
and said, Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, ye servants of the ELYOWN ELAHH,     
come forth, and come hither. Then Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, came forth   
of the midst of the fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>      
27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the princes, governors, and captains, and the king's     
counsellors, being gathered together, saw these men, upon whose bodies the fire 
had no power, nor was an hair of their head singed, neither were their coats    
changed, nor the smell of fire had passed on them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Nebuchadnezzar spake, and    
said, Blessed be the ELAHH of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who hath sent    
his angel, and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the 
king's word, and yielded their bodies, that they might not serve nor worship    
any god, except their own ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>   
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I make a decree, That every people, nation,    
and language, which speak any thing amiss against the ELAHH of Shadrach,        
Meshach, and Abednego, shall be cut in pieces, and their houses shall be made a 
dunghill: because there is no other ELAHH that can deliver after this sort.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king   
promoted Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, in the province of Babylon.</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C004.htm'>Daniel 4</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
