<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C013.htm'>Jeremiah 13</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH that came to   
Jeremiah concerning the dearth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4> 
2</H4></TD><TD><P>Judah mourneth, and the gates thereof languish; they are      
black unto the ground; and the cry of Jerusalem is gone up.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And their nobles have sent      
their little ones to the waters: they came to the pits, and found no water;     
they returned with their vessels empty; they were ashamed and confounded, and   
covered their heads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Because the ground is chapt, for there was no rain in the earth, the     
plowmen were ashamed, they covered their heads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, the hind also calved in the field, and    
forsook it, because there was no grass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the wild asses did stand in the high places,  
they snuffed up the wind like dragons; their eyes did fail, because there was   
no grass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>O    
YHVH, though our iniquities testify against us, do thou it for thy name's sake: 
for our backslidings are many; we have sinned against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>O the hope of Israel, the       
saviour thereof in time of trouble, why shouldest thou be as a stranger in the  
land, and as a wayfaring man that turneth aside to tarry for a night?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Why shouldest thou be  
as a man astonied, as a mighty man that cannot save? yet thou, O YHVH, art in   
the midst of us, and we are called by thy name; leave us not.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH unto this     
people, Thus have they loved to wander, they have not refrained their feet,     
therefore YHVH doth not accept them; he will now remember their iniquity, and   
visit their sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then said YHVH unto me, Pray not for this people for their good.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>When they fast, I    
will not hear their cry; and when they offer burnt offering and an oblation, I  
will not accept them: but I will consume them by the sword, and by the famine,  
and by the pestilence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Then said I, Ah, ADONAY YHVH! behold, the prophets say unto them,   
Ye shall not see the sword, neither shall ye have famine; but I will give you   
assured peace in this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then YHVH said unto me, The prophets prophesy lies in my     
name: I sent them not, neither have I commanded them, neither spake unto them:  
they prophesy unto you a false vision and divination, and a thing of nought,    
and the deceit of their heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4> 
15</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH concerning the prophets that       
prophesy in my name, and I sent them not, yet they say, Sword and famine shall  
not be in this land; By sword and famine shall those prophets be consumed.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people  
to whom they prophesy shall be cast out in the streets of Jerusalem because of  
the famine and the sword; and they shall have none to bury them, them, their    
wives, nor their sons, nor their daughters: for I will pour their wickedness    
upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Therefore thou shalt say this word unto them; Let mine eyes run down with tears 
night and day, and let them not cease: for the virgin daughter of my people is  
broken with a great breach, with a very grievous blow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>If I go forth into the field,     
then behold the slain with the sword! and if I enter into the city, then behold 
them that are sick with famine! yea, both the prophet and the priest go about   
into a land that they know not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Hast thou utterly rejected Judah? hath thy soul lothed Zion? 
why hast thou smitten us, and there is no healing for us? we looked for peace,  
and there is no good; and for the time of healing, and behold trouble!</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>We acknowledge, O    
YHVH, our wickedness, and the iniquity of our fathers: for we have sinned       
against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Do not abhor us, for thy name's sake, do not disgrace the throne of thy      
glory: remember, break not thy covenant with us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Are there any among the vanities  
of the Gentiles that can cause rain? or can the heavens give showers? art not   
thou he, O YHVH our ELOHIYM? therefore we will wait upon thee: for thou hast    
made all these things.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C015.htm'>Jeremiah 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
