<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 5 - Sacred    
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C004.htm'>Deuteronomy 4</A></P><CENTER>   
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses called all Israel, and    
said unto them, Hear, O Israel, the statutes and judgments which I speak in     
your ears this day, that ye may learn them, and keep, and do them.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH our ELOHIYM made a     
covenant with us in Horeb.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>
</TD><TD><P>YHVH made not this covenant with our fathers, but with us, even us, 
who are all of us here alive this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH talked with you face to face in the mount    
out of the midst of the fire,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>   
5</H4></TD><TD><P>(I stood between YHVH and you at that time, to show you the   
word of YHVH: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into    
the mount;) saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>I am YHVH thy ELOHIYM, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from 
the house of bondage.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Thou shalt have none other gods before me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not make thee any graven 
image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the  
earth beneath, or that is in the waters beneath the earth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not bow down thyself     
unto them, nor serve them: for I YHVH thy ELOHIYM am a jealous EL, visiting the 
iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation  
of them that hate me,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And showing mercy unto thousands of them that love me and keep my   
commandments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Thou shalt not take the name of YHVH thy ELOHIYM in vain: for YHVH will not  
hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Keep the sabbath day to sanctify  
it, as YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath commanded thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Six days thou shalt labor, and do all thy       
work:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
the seventh day is the sabbath of YHVH thy ELOHIYM: in it thou shalt not do any 
work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, nor thy manservant, nor thy          
maidservant, nor thine ox, nor thine ass, nor any of thy cattle, nor thy        
stranger that is within thy gates; that thy manservant and thy maidservant may  
rest as well as thou.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And remember that thou wast a servant in the land of Egypt, and     
that YHVH thy ELOHIYM brought thee out thence through a mighty hand and by a    
stretched out arm: therefore YHVH thy ELOHIYM commanded thee to keep the        
sabbath day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
Honor thy father and thy mother, as YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath commanded thee; that  
thy days may be prolonged, and that it may go well with thee, in the land which 
YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not kill.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shalt thou commit adultery.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shalt thou   
steal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbor.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shalt thou desire thy 
neighbor's wife, neither shalt thou covet thy neighbor's house, his field, or   
his manservant, or his maidservant, his ox, or his ass, or any thing that is    
thy neighbor's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>
<P>These words YHVH spake unto all your assembly in the mount out of the midst  
of the fire, of the cloud, and of the thick darkness, with a great voice: and   
he added no more. And he wrote them in two tables of stone, and delivered them  
unto me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
it came to pass, when ye heard the voice out of the midst of the darkness, (for 
the mountain did burn with fire,) that ye came near unto me, even all the heads 
of your tribes, and your elders;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>   
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye said, Behold, YHVH our ELOHIYM hath showed us his 
glory and his greatness, and we have heard his voice out of the midst of the    
fire: we have seen this day that ELOHIYM doth talk with man, and he liveth.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore   
why should we die? for this great fire will consume us: if we hear the voice of 
YHVH our ELOHIYM any more, then we shall die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>For who is there of all flesh, that hath     
heard the voice of the living ELOHIYM speaking out of the midst of the fire, as 
we have, and lived?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Go thou near, and hear all that YHVH our ELOHIYM shall say: and speak    
thou unto us all that YHVH our ELOHIYM shall speak unto thee; and we will hear  
it, and do it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And YHVH heard the voice of your words, when ye spake unto me; and YHVH said 
unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people, which they have    
spoken unto thee: they have well said all that they have spoken.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>O that there were such an 
heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always,    
that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Go say to them, Get you   
into your tents again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>But as for thee, stand thou here by me, and I will speak unto thee  
all the commandments, and the statutes, and the judgments, which thou shalt     
teach them, that they may do them in the land which I give them to possess      
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall 
observe to do therefore as YHVH your ELOHIYM hath commanded you: ye shall not   
turn aside to the right hand or to the left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall walk in all the ways which YHVH your   
ELOHIYM hath commanded you, that ye may live, and that it may be well with you, 
and that ye may prolong your days in the land which ye shall possess.</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C006.htm'>Deuteronomy 6</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
