<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C010.htm'>1st Kings 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But king Solomon loved many strange women, together with the daughter of 
Pharaoh, women of the Moabites, Ammonites, Edomites, Zidonians, and             
Hittites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Of   
the nations concerning which YHVH said unto the children of Israel, Ye shall    
not go in to them, neither shall they come in unto you: for surely they will    
turn away your heart after their gods: Solomon clave unto these in love.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he had seven  
hundred wives, princesses, and three hundred concubines: and his wives turned   
away his heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>For it came to pass, when Solomon was old, that his wives turned away his    
heart after other gods: and his heart was not perfect with YHVH his ELOHIYM, as 
was the heart of David his father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>  
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For Solomon went after Ashtoreth the goddess of the       
Zidonians, and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon did evil in the     
sight of YHVH, and went not fully after YHVH, as did David his father.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then did Solomon build 
an high place for Chemosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before  
Jerusalem, and for Molech, the abomination of the children of Ammon.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And likewise did he    
for all his strange wives, which burnt incense and sacrificed unto their        
gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH 
was angry with Solomon, because his heart was turned from YHVH ELOHIYM of       
Israel, which had appeared unto him twice,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And had commanded him concerning this thing,    
that he should not go after other gods: but he kept not that which YHVH         
commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Wherefore YHVH said unto Solomon, Forasmuch as this is done of thee, and thou   
hast not kept my covenant and my statutes, which I have commanded thee, I will  
surely rend the kingdom from thee, and will give it to thy servant.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding in   
thy days I will not do it for David thy father's sake: but I will rend it out   
of the hand of thy son.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Howbeit I will not rend away all the kingdom; but will give one     
tribe to thy son for David my servant's sake, and for Jerusalem's sake which I  
have chosen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>
And YHVH stirred up an adversary unto Solomon, Hadad the Edomite: he was of the 
king's seed in Edom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>For it came to pass, when David was in Edom, and Joab the captain   
of the host was gone up to bury the slain, after he had smitten every male in   
Edom;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>(For   
six months did Joab remain there with all Israel, until he had cut off every    
male in Edom:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>That Hadad fled, he and certain Edomites of his father's servants with him,  
to go into Egypt; Hadad being yet a little child.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And they arose out of Midian, and 
came to Paran: and they took men with them out of Paran, and they came to       
Egypt, unto Pharaoh king of Egypt; which gave him an house, and appointed him   
victuals, and gave him land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>   
19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hadad found great favor in the sight of Pharaoh, so that 
he gave him to wife the sister of his own wife, the sister of Tahpenes the      
queen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the sister of Tahpenes bare him Genubath his son, whom Tahpenes weaned in       
Pharaoh's house: and Genubath was in Pharaoh's household among the sons of      
Pharaoh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
when Hadad heard in Egypt that David slept with his fathers, and that Joab the  
captain of the host was dead, Hadad said to Pharaoh, Let me depart, that I may  
go to mine own country.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Then Pharaoh said unto him, But what hast thou lacked with me,      
that, behold, thou seekest to go to thine own country? And he answered,         
Nothing: howbeit let me go in any wise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM stirred him up another adversary,   
Rezon the son of Eliadah, which fled from his lord Hadadezer king of Zobah:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he gathered 
men unto him, and became captain over a band, when David slew them of Zobah:    
and they went to Damascus, and dwelt therein, and reigned in Damascus.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was an        
adversary to Israel all the days of Solomon, beside the mischief that Hadad     
did: and he abhorred Israel, and reigned over Syria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an 
Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was Zeruah, a      
widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And this was the cause that he    
lifted up his hand against the king: Solomon built Millo, and repaired the      
breaches of the city of David his father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man Jeroboam was a mighty man of valor: 
and Solomon seeing the young man that he was industrious, he made him ruler     
over all the charge of the house of Joseph.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at that time when Jeroboam  
went out of Jerusalem, that the prophet Ahijah the Shilonite found him in the   
way; and he had clad himself with a new garment; and they two were alone in the 
field:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Ahijah caught the new garment that was on him, and rent it in twelve pieces:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said to  
Jeroboam, Take thee ten pieces: for thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel,     
Behold, I will rend the kingdom out of the hand of Solomon, and will give ten   
tribes to thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD>
<P>(But he shall have one tribe for my servant David's sake, and for            
Jerusalem's sake, the city which I have chosen out of all the tribes of         
Israel:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Because that they have forsaken me, and have worshipped Ashtoreth the goddess   
of the Zidonians, Chemosh the god of the Moabites, and Milcom the god of the    
children of Ammon, and have not walked in my ways, to do that which is right in 
mine eyes, and to keep my statutes and my judgments, as did David his           
father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Howbeit I will not take the whole kingdom out of his hand: but I will make him  
prince all the days of his life for David my servant's sake, whom I chose,      
because he kept my commandments and my statutes:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will take the kingdom out   
of his son's hand, and will give it unto thee, even ten tribes.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And unto his son will I   
give one tribe, that David my servant may have a light alway before me in       
Jerusalem, the city which I have chosen me to put my name there.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will take thee, and 
thou shalt reign according to all that thy soul desireth, and shalt be king     
over Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>
And it shall be, if thou wilt hearken unto all that I command thee, and wilt    
walk in my ways, and do that is right in my sight, to keep my statutes and my   
commandments, as David my servant did; that I will be with thee, and build thee 
a sure house, as I built for David, and will give Israel unto thee.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will for this  
afflict the seed of David, but not for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Solomon sought therefore to kill Jeroboam. And  
Jeroboam arose, and fled into Egypt, unto Shishak king of Egypt, and was in     
Egypt until the death of Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41>  
<H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And the rest of the acts of Solomon, and all that he     
did, and his wisdom, are they not written in the book of the acts of            
Solomon?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the time that Solomon reigned in Jerusalem over all Israel was forty years.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon     
slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David his father: and     
Rehoboam his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software   
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B11C012.htm'>1st Kings 12</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
