<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C009.htm'>Joshua 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now it came to pass, when Adonizedec king of Jerusalem had heard how Joshua had 
taken Ai, and had utterly destroyed it; as he had done to Jericho and her king, 
so he had done to Ai and her king; and how the inhabitants of Gibeon had made   
peace with Israel, and were among them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That they feared greatly, because Gibeon was a    
great city, as one of the royal cities, and because it was greater than Ai, and 
all the men thereof were mighty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore Adonizedec king of Jerusalem, sent unto Hoham king  
of Hebron, and unto Piram king of Jarmuth, and unto Japhia king of Lachish, and 
unto Debir king of Eglon, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon:   
for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the five     
kings of the Amorites, the king of Jerusalem, the king of Hebron, the king of   
Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, the king of Eglon, gathered themselves together,  
and went up, they and all their hosts, and encamped before Gibeon, and made war 
against it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the men of Gibeon sent unto Joshua to the camp to Gilgal, saying, Slack not 
thy hand from thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us:    
for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered      
together against us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So Joshua ascended from Gilgal, he, and all the people of war with him,  
and all the mighty men of valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Joshua, Fear them not: for I have          
delivered them into thine hand; there shall not a man of them stand before      
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Joshua   
therefore came unto them suddenly, and went up from Gilgal all night.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH discomfited 
them before Israel, and slew them with a great slaughter at Gibeon, and chased  
them along the way that goeth up to Bethhoron, and smote them to Azekah, and    
unto Makkedah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And it came to pass, as they fled from before Israel, and were in the going  
down to Bethhoron, that YHVH cast down great stones from heaven upon them unto  
Azekah, and they died: they were more which died with hailstones than they whom 
the children of Israel slew with the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then spake Joshua to YHVH in the day when YHVH  
delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel, and he said in the     
sight of Israel, Sun, stand thou still upon Gibeon; and thou, Moon, in the      
valley of Ajalon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the sun stood still, and the moon stayed, until the people had       
avenged themselves upon their enemies. Is not this written in the book of       
Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven, and hasted not to go     
down about a whole day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And there was no day like that before it or after it, that YHVH     
hearkened unto the voice of a man: for YHVH fought for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua returned, and all  
Israel with him, unto the camp to Gilgal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But these five kings fled, and hid themselves   
in a cave at Makkedah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And it was told Joshua, saying, The five kings are found hid in a   
cave at Makkedah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Joshua said, Roll great stones upon the mouth of the cave, and set   
men by it for to keep them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>    
19</H4></TD><TD><P>And stay ye not, but pursue after your enemies, and smite    
the hindmost of them; suffer them not to enter into their cities: for YHVH your 
ELOHIYM hath delivered them into your hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when Joshua and the        
children of Israel had made an end of slaying them with a very great slaughter, 
till they were consumed, that the rest which remained of them entered into      
fenced cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And all the people returned to the camp to Joshua at Makkedah in peace: none 
moved his tongue against any of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Joshua, Open the mouth  
of the cave, and bring out those five kings unto me out of the cave.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And they did so, and 
brought forth those five kings unto him out of the cave, the king of Jerusalem, 
the king of Hebron, the king of Jarmuth, the king of Lachish, and the king of   
Eglon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
it came to pass, when they brought out those kings unto Joshua, that Joshua     
called for all the men of Israel, and said unto the captains of the men of war  
which went with him, Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings.    
And they came near, and put their feet upon the necks of them.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said unto them,    
Fear not, nor be dismayed, be strong and of good courage: for thus shall YHVH   
do to all your enemies against whom ye fight.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And afterward Joshua smote them, and slew    
them, and hanged them on five trees: and they were hanging upon the trees until 
the evening.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>
And it came to pass at the time of the going down of the sun, that Joshua       
commanded, and they took them down off the trees, and cast them into the cave   
wherein they had been hid, and laid great stones in the cave's mouth, which     
remain until this very day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>    
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And that day Joshua took Makkedah, and smote it with the     
edge of the sword, and the king thereof he utterly destroyed, them, and all the 
souls that were therein; he let none remain: and he did to the king of Makkedah 
as he did unto the king of Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Joshua passed from Makkedah, and all Israel with    
him, unto Libnah, and fought against Libnah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH delivered it also, and the king        
thereof, into the hand of Israel; and he smote it with the edge of the sword,   
and all the souls that were therein; he let none remain in it; but did unto the 
king thereof as he did unto the king of Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua passed from Libnah,    
and all Israel with him, unto Lachish, and encamped against it, and fought      
against it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And YHVH delivered Lachish into the hand of Israel, which took it on the second 
day, and smote it with the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were       
therein, according to all that he had done to Libnah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Horam king of Gezer came up  
to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him     
none remaining.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And from Lachish Joshua passed unto Eglon, and all Israel with him; and they 
encamped against it, and fought against it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took it on that day, and smote it with 
the edge of the sword, and all the souls that were therein he utterly destroyed 
that day, according to all that he had done to Lachish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua went up from Eglon,    
and all Israel with him, unto Hebron; and they fought against it:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took it, and     
smote it with the edge of the sword, and the king thereof, and all the cities   
thereof, and all the souls that were therein; he left none remaining, according 
to all that he had done to Eglon; but destroyed it utterly, and all the souls   
that were therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him, to Debir; and fought       
against it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And he took it, and the king thereof, and all the cities thereof; and they      
smote them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed all the souls that 
were therein; he left none remaining: as he had done to Hebron, so he did to    
Debir, and to the king thereof; as he had done also to Libnah, and to her       
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>So     
Joshua smote all the country of the hills, and of the south, and of the vale,   
and of the springs, and all their kings: he left none remaining, but utterly    
destroyed all that breathed, as YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel commanded.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua smote them     
from Kadeshbarnea even unto Gaza, and all the country of Goshen, even unto      
Gibeon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
all these kings and their land did Joshua take at one time, because YHVH        
ELOHIYM of Israel fought for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua returned, and all Israel with him,   
unto the camp to Gilgal.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright    
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C011.htm'>Joshua 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
