<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C013.htm'>Revelation 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I looked, and, lo, a Lamb stood on the mount Sion, and with him an   
hundred forty and four thousand, having his Father's name written in their      
foreheads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
I heard a voice from heaven, as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of a 
great thunder: and I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they sung as  
it were a new song before the throne, and before the four beasts, and the       
elders: and no man could learn that song but the hundred and forty and four     
thousand, which were redeemed from the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>These are they which were not defiled with     
women; for they are virgins. These are they which follow the Lamb whithersoever 
he goeth. These were redeemed from among men, being the firstfruits unto        
ELOHIYM and to the Lamb.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And in their mouth was found no guile: for they are without fault   
before the throne of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>   
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven, having    
the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth, and to      
every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying with a loud voice, Fear EL,  
and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is come: and worship him    
that made heaven, and earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And there followed     
another angel, saying, Babylon is fallen, is fallen, that great city, because   
she made all nations drink of the wine of the wrath of her fornication.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the third angel    
followed them, saying with a loud voice, If any man worship the beast and his   
image, and receive his mark in his forehead, or in his hand,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The same shall drink of the   
wine of the wrath of EL, which is poured out without mixture into the cup of    
his indignation; and he shall be tormented with fire and brimstone in the       
presence of the holy angels, and in the presence of the Lamb:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the smoke of their        
torment ascendeth up for ever and ever: and they have no rest day nor night,    
who worship the beast and his image, and whosoever receiveth the mark of his    
name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Here   
is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of      
ELOHIYM, and the faith of YAHSHUA.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13> 
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Write,   
Blessed are the dead which die in the ADONAY from henceforth: Yea, saith the    
Spirit, that they may rest from their labours; and their works do follow        
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I  
looked, and behold a white cloud, and upon the cloud one sat like unto the Son  
of man, having on his head a golden crown, and in his hand a sharp sickle.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And another     
angel came out of the temple, crying with a loud voice to him that sat on the   
cloud, Thrust in thy sickle, and reap: for the time is come for thee to reap;   
for the harvest of the earth is ripe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that sat on the cloud thrust in his      
sickle on the earth; and the earth was reaped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And another angel came out of the temple     
which is in heaven, he also having a sharp sickle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And another angel came out from   
the altar, which had power over fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had 
the sharp sickle, saying, Thrust in thy sharp sickle, and gather the clusters   
of the vine of the earth; for her grapes are fully ripe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel thrust in his       
sickle into the earth, and gathered the vine of the earth, and cast it into the 
great winepress of the wrath of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the winepress was trodden without the city, 
and blood came out of the winepress, even unto the horse bridles, by the space  
of a thousand and six hundred furlongs.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software  
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B66C015.htm'>Revelation 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
