<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 31 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C030.htm'>Jeremiah 30</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 31</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>At the same time, saith YHVH,   
will I be the ELOHIYM of all the families of Israel, and they shall be my       
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH, The people which were left of the sword found grace in the          
wilderness; even Israel, when I went to cause him to rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath appeared of old unto me,  
saying, Yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love: therefore with         
lovingkindness have I drawn thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Again I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, O       
virgin of Israel: thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabrets, and shalt go    
forth in the dances of them that make merry.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt yet plant vines upon the mountains of  
Samaria: the planters shall plant, and shall eat them as common things.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For there shall be a   
day, that the watchmen upon the mount Ephraim shall cry, Arise ye, and let us   
go up to Zion unto YHVH our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH; Sing with gladness for Jacob, and    
shout among the chief of the nations: publish ye, praise ye, and say, O YHVH,   
save thy people, the remnant of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will bring them from the north country, 
and gather them from the coasts of the earth, and with them the blind and the   
lame, the woman with child and her that travaileth with child together: a great 
company shall return thither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>   
9</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall come with weeping, and with supplications will I   
lead them: I will cause them to walk by the rivers of waters in a straight way, 
wherein they shall not stumble: for I am a father to Israel, and Ephraim is my  
firstborn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Hear the word of YHVH, O ye nations, and declare it in the isles afar off, and  
say, He that scattered Israel will gather him, and keep him, as a shepherd doth 
his flock.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
For YHVH hath redeemed Jacob, and ransomed him from the hand of him that was    
stronger than he.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Therefore they shall come and sing in the height of Zion, and shall flow 
together to the goodness of YHVH, for wheat, and for wine, and for oil, and for 
the young of the flock and of the herd: and their soul shall be as a watered    
garden; and they shall not sorrow any more at all.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall the virgin rejoice in  
the dance, both young men and old together: for I will turn their mourning into 
joy, and will comfort them, and make them rejoice from their sorrow.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will satiate   
the soul of the priests with fatness, and my people shall be satisfied with my  
goodness, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; A voice was heard in Ramah, lamentation, and       
bitter weeping; Rahel weeping for her children refused to be comforted for her  
children, because they were not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>   
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Refrain thy voice from weeping, and     
thine eyes from tears: for thy work shall be rewarded, saith YHVH; and they     
shall come again from the land of the enemy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And there is hope in thine end, saith YHVH,     
that thy children shall come again to their own border.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>I have surely heard Ephraim       
bemoaning himself thus; Thou hast chastised me, and I was chastised, as a       
bullock unaccustomed to the yoke: turn thou me, and I shall be turned; for thou 
art YHVH my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Surely after that I was turned, I repented; and after that I was    
instructed, I smote upon my thigh: I was ashamed, yea, even confounded, because 
I did bear the reproach of my youth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Is Ephraim my dear son? is he a pleasant child? 
for since I spake against him, I do earnestly remember him still: therefore my  
bowels are troubled for him; I will surely have mercy upon him, saith YHVH.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Set thee up     
waymarks, make thee high heaps: set thine heart toward the highway, even the    
way which thou wentest: turn again, O virgin of Israel, turn again to these thy 
cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>How  
long wilt thou go about, O thou backsliding daughter? for YHVH hath created a   
new thing in the earth, A woman shall compass a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the     
ELOHIYM of Israel; As yet they shall use this speech in the land of Judah and   
in the cities thereof, when I shall bring again their captivity; YHVH bless     
thee, O habitation of justice, and mountain of holiness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And there shall dwell in Judah    
itself, and in all the cities thereof together, husbandmen, and they that go    
forth with flocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For I have satiated the weary soul, and I have replenished every         
sorrowful soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Upon this I awaked, and beheld; and my sleep was sweet unto me.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the days come,    
saith YHVH, that I will sow the house of Israel and the house of Judah with the 
seed of man, and with the seed of beast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, that like as I have  
watched over them, to pluck up, and to break down, and to throw down, and to    
destroy, and to afflict; so will I watch over them, to build, and to plant,     
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P> 
In those days they shall say no more, The fathers have eaten a sour grape, and  
the children's teeth are set on edge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>But every one shall die for his own iniquity:   
every man that eateth the sour grape, his teeth shall be set on edge.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the days     
come, saith YHVH, that I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel, and 
with the house of Judah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Not according to the covenant that I made with their fathers in the 
day that I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt; which  
my covenant they brake, although I was an husband unto them, saith YHVH:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>But this shall  
be the covenant that I will make with the house of Israel; After those days,    
saith YHVH, I will put my law in their inward parts, and write it in their      
hearts; and will be their ELOHIYM, and they shall be my people.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall teach no   
more every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, saying, Know YHVH: for 
they shall all know me, from the least of them unto the greatest of them, saith 
YHVH: for I will forgive their iniquity, and I will remember their sin no       
more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH, which giveth the sun for a light by day, and the ordinances of the  
moon and of the stars for a light by night, which divideth the sea when the     
waves thereof roar; YHVH of hosts is his name:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>If those ordinances depart from before me,   
saith YHVH, then the seed of Israel also shall cease from being a nation before 
me for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>
Thus saith YHVH; If heaven above can be measured, and the foundations of the    
earth searched out beneath, I will also cast off all the seed of Israel for all 
that they have done, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38>   
<H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that the city shall   
be built to YHVH from the tower of Hananeel unto the gate of the corner.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And the         
measuring line shall yet go forth over against it upon the hill Gareb, and      
shall compass about to Goath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>  
40</H4></TD><TD><P>And the whole valley of the dead bodies, and of the ashes,   
and all the fields unto the brook of Kidron, unto the corner of the horse gate  
toward the east, shall be holy unto YHVH; it shall not be plucked up, nor       
thrown down any more for ever.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is        
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C032.htm'>Jeremiah 32</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
