<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C006.htm'>Joshua 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the accursed thing: for      
Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of    
Judah, took of the accursed thing: and the anger of YHVH was kindled against    
the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Joshua sent men from Jericho to Ai, which is beside Bethaven,   
on the east of Bethel, and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. 
And the men went up and viewed Ai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>  
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they returned to Joshua, and said unto him, Let not   
all the people go up; but let about two or three thousand men go up and smite   
Ai; and make not all the people to labor thither; for they are but few.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>So there went up       
thither of the people about three thousand men: and they fled before the men of 
Ai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the    
men of Ai smote of them about thirty and six men: for they chased them from     
before the gate even unto Shebarim, and smote them in the going down: wherefore 
the hearts of the people melted, and became as water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua rent his clothes, and    
fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of YHVH until the eventide, he   
and the elders of Israel, and put dust upon their heads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said, Alas, O ADONAY     
YHVH, wherefore hast thou at all brought this people over Jordan, to deliver us 
into the hand of the Amorites, to destroy us? would to we had been content, and 
dwelt on the other side Jordan!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4> 
8</H4></TD><TD><P>O ADONAY, what shall I say, when Israel turneth their backs   
before their enemies!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>
<TD><P>For the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land shall hear of it, 
and shall environ us round, and cut off our name from the earth: and what wilt  
thou do unto thy great name?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>   
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Joshua, Get thee up; wherefore liest thou 
thus upon thy face?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Israel hath sinned, and they have also transgressed my covenant which I  
commanded them: for they have even taken of the accursed thing, and have also   
stolen, and dissembled also, and they have put it even among their own          
stuff.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Therefore the children of Israel could not stand before their enemies, but      
turned their backs before their enemies, because they were accursed: neither    
will I be with you any more, except ye destroy the accursed from among you.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Up, sanctify    
the people, and say, Sanctify yourselves against to morrow: for thus saith YHVH 
ELOHIYM of Israel, There is an accursed thing in the midst of thee, O Israel:   
thou canst not stand before thine enemies, until ye take away the accursed      
thing from among you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your      
tribes: and it shall be, that the tribe which YHVH taketh shall come according  
to the families thereof; and the family which YHVH shall take shall come by     
households; and the household which YHVH shall take shall come man by man.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
be, that he that is taken with the accursed thing shall be burnt with fire, he  
and all that he hath: because he hath transgressed the covenant of YHVH, and    
because he hath wrought folly in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joshua rose up early in the morning, and     
brought Israel by their tribes; and the tribe of Judah was taken:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought the family 
of Judah; and he took the family of the Zarhites: and he brought the family of  
the Zarhites man by man; and Zabdi was taken:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought his household man by man; and 
Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of    
Judah, was taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Joshua said unto Achan, My son, give, I pray thee, glory to YHVH     
ELOHIYM of Israel, and make confession unto him; and tell me now what thou hast 
done; hide it not from me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>     
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Achan answered Joshua, and said, Indeed I have sinned    
against YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, and thus and thus have I done:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>When I saw among the spoils a 
goodly Babylonish garment, and two hundred shekels of silver, and a wedge of    
gold of fifty shekels weight, then I coveted them, and took them; and, behold,  
they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent, and the silver under it.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joshua sent  
messengers, and they ran unto the tent; and, behold, it was hid in his tent,    
and the silver under it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And they took them out of the midst of the tent, and brought them   
unto Joshua, and unto all the children of Israel, and laid them out before      
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Joshua, and all Israel with him, took Achan the son of Zerah, and the silver,   
and the garment, and the wedge of gold, and his sons, and his daughters, and    
his oxen, and his asses, and his sheep, and his tent, and all that he had: and  
they brought them unto the valley of Achor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said, Why hast thou troubled us?     
YHVH shall trouble thee this day. And all Israel stoned him with stones, and    
burned them with fire, after they had stoned them with stones.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And they raised over him a    
great heap of stones unto this day. So YHVH turned from the fierceness of his   
anger. Wherefore the name of that place was called, The valley of Achor, unto   
this day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B06C008.htm'>Joshua 8</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
