<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C008.htm'>Ezra 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when 
these things were done, the princes came to me, saying, The people of Israel,   
and the priests, and the Levites, have not separated themselves from the people 
of the lands, doing according to their abominations, even of the Canaanites,    
the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Jebusites, the Ammonites, the Moabites, the   
Egyptians, and the Amorites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>    
2</H4></TD><TD><P>For they have taken of their daughters for themselves, and    
for their sons: so that the holy seed have mingled themselves with the people   
of those lands: yea, the hand of the princes and rulers hath been chief in this 
trespass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
when I heard this thing, I rent my garment and my mantle, and plucked off the   
hair of my head and of my beard, and sat down astonied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then were assembled unto me every   
one that trembled at the words of the ELOHIYM of Israel, because of the         
transgression of those that had been carried away; and I sat astonied until the 
evening sacrifice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And at the evening sacrifice I arose up from my heaviness; and having    
rent my garment and my mantle, I fell upon my knees, and spread out my hands    
unto YHVH my ELOHIYM,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And said, O my ELOHIYM, I am ashamed and blush to lift up my face to     
thee, my ELOHIYM: for our iniquities are increased over our head, and our       
trespass is grown up unto the heavens.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Since the days of our fathers have we been in a   
great trespass unto this day; and for our iniquities have we, our kings, and    
our priests, been delivered into the hand of the kings of the lands, to the     
sword, to captivity, and to a spoil, and to confusion of face, as it is this    
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And now   
for a little space grace hath been shewed from YHVH our ELOHIYM, to leave us a  
remnant to escape, and to give us a nail in his holy place, that our ELOHIYM    
may lighten our eyes, and give us a little reviving in our bondage.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For we were bondmen;   
yet our ELOHIYM hath not forsaken us in our bondage, but hath extended mercy    
unto us in the sight of the kings of Persia, to give us a reviving, to set up   
the house of our ELOHIYM, and to repair the desolations thereof, and to give us 
a wall in Judah and in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>  
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, O our ELOHIYM, what shall we say after this?    
for we have forsaken thy commandments,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Which thou hast commanded by thy servants the   
prophets, saying, The land, unto which ye go to possess it, is an unclean land  
with the filthiness of the people of the lands, with their abominations, which  
have filled it from one end to another with their uncleanness.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore give not your   
daughters unto their sons, neither take their daughters unto your sons, nor     
seek their peace or their wealth for ever: that ye may be strong, and eat the   
good of the land, and leave it for an inheritance to your children for ever.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And after all   
that is come upon us for our evil deeds, and for our great trespass, seeing     
that thou our ELOHIYM hast punished us less than our iniquities deserve, and    
hast given us such deliverance as this;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Should we again break thy commandments, and     
join in affinity with the people of these abominations? wouldest not thou be    
angry with us till thou hadst consumed us, so that there should be no remnant   
nor escaping?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>O YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, thou art righteous: for we remain yet escaped, as  
it is this day: behold, we are before thee in our trespasses: for we cannot     
stand before thee because of this.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is    
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B15C010.htm'>Ezra 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
