<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Moses, called Genesis, Chapter 48 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B01C047.htm'>Genesis 47</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The First Book of Moses, called Genesis</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 48</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass after these things, that one  
told Joseph, Behold, thy father is sick: and he took with him his two sons,     
Manasseh and Ephraim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And one told Jacob, and said, Behold, thy son Joseph cometh unto thee:   
and Israel strengthened himself, and sat upon the bed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jacob said unto Joseph, EL      
SHADDAY appeared unto me at Luz in the land of Canaan, and blessed me,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto me,      
Behold, I will make thee fruitful, and multiply thee, and I will make of thee a 
multitude of people; and will give this land to thy seed after thee for an      
everlasting possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And now thy two sons, Ephraim and Manasseh, which were born unto    
thee in the land of Egypt before I came unto thee into Egypt, are mine; as      
Reuben and Simeon, they shall be mine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy issue, which thou begettest after them,   
shall be thine, and shall be called after the name of their brethren in their   
inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And as for me, when I came from Padan, Rachel died by me in the land of Canaan  
in the way, when yet there was but a little way to come unto Ephrath: and I     
buried her there in the way of Ephrath; the same is Bethlehem.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel beheld Joseph's      
sons, and said, Who are these?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph said unto his father, They are my sons, whom       
ELOHIYM hath given me in this place. And he said, Bring them, I pray thee, unto 
me, and I will bless them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>     
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the eyes of Israel were dim for age, so that he could    
not see. And he brought them near unto him; and he kissed them, and embraced    
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Israel said unto Joseph, I had not thought to see thy face: and, lo, ELOHIYM    
hath showed me also thy seed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>  
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph brought them out from between his knees, and he   
bowed himself with his face to the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph took them both, Ephraim in his right 
hand toward Israel's left hand, and Manasseh in his left hand toward Israel's   
right hand, and brought them near unto him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel stretched out his right hand, and    
laid it upon Ephraim's head, who was the younger, and his left hand upon        
Manasseh's head, guiding his hands wittingly; for Manasseh was the              
firstborn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he blessed Joseph, and said, ELOHIYM, before whom my fathers Abraham and    
Isaac did walk, the ELOHIYM which fed me all my life long unto this day,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The Angel which 
redeemed me from all evil, bless the lads; and let my name be named on them,    
and the name of my fathers Abraham and Isaac; and let them grow into a          
multitude in the midst of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Joseph saw that his father laid his    
right hand upon the head of Ephraim, it displeased him: and he held up his      
father's hand, to remove it from Ephraim's head unto Manasseh's head.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph said unto 
his father, Not so, my father: for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand    
upon his head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And his father refused, and said, I know it, my son, I know it: he also      
shall become a people, and he also shall be great: but truly his younger        
brother shall be greater than he, and his seed shall become a multitude of      
nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he blessed them that day, saying, In thee shall Israel bless, saying, ELOHIYM   
make thee as Ephraim and as Manasseh: and he set Ephraim before Manasseh.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel said 
unto Joseph, Behold, I die: but ELOHIYM shall be with you, and bring you again  
unto the land of your fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4> 
22</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I have given to thee one portion above thy          
brethren, which I took out of the hand of the Amorite with my sword and with my 
bow.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt,  
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B01C049.htm'>Genesis 49</A></CENTER>   
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
