<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C021.htm'>Joshua 21</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half tribe of       
Manasseh,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
said unto them, Ye have kept all that Moses the servant of YHVH commanded you,  
and have obeyed my voice in all that I commanded you:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have not left your brethren      
these many days unto this day, but have kept the charge of the commandment of   
YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And now YHVH your ELOHIYM hath given rest unto your brethren, as he      
promised them: therefore now return ye, and get you unto your tents, and unto   
the land of your possession, which Moses the servant of YHVH gave you on the    
other side Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But take diligent heed to do the commandment and the law, which Moses    
the servant of YHVH charged you, to love YHVH your ELOHIYM, and to walk in all  
his ways, and to keep his commandments, and to cleave unto him, and to serve    
him with all your heart and with all your soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joshua blessed them, and sent them away:    
and they went unto their tents.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4> 
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now to the one half of the tribe of Manasseh Moses had given  
possession in Bashan: but unto the other half thereof gave Joshua among their   
brethren on this side Jordan westward. And when Joshua sent them away also unto 
their tents, then he blessed them,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he spake unto them, saying, Return with much riches   
unto your tents, and with very much cattle, with silver, and with gold, and     
with brass, and with iron, and with very much raiment: divide the spoil of your 
enemies with your brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>     
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the    
half tribe of Manasseh returned, and departed from the children of Israel out   
of Shiloh, which is in the land of Canaan, to go unto the country of Gilead, to 
the land of their possession, whereof they were possessed, according to the     
word of YHVH by the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10> 
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they came unto the borders of Jordan, that are  
in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the   
half tribe of Manasseh built there an altar by Jordan, a great altar to see     
to.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
children of Israel heard say, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children   
of Gad and the half tribe of Manasseh have built an altar over against the land 
of Canaan, in the borders of Jordan, at the passage of the children of          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
when the children of Israel heard of it, the whole congregation of the children 
of Israel gathered themselves together at Shiloh, to go up to war against       
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the children of Israel sent unto the children of Reuben, and to the children of 
Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, into the land of Gilead, Phinehas the   
son of Eleazar the priest,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>     
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And with him ten princes, of each chief house a prince       
throughout all the tribes of Israel; and each one was an head of the house of   
their fathers among the thousands of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And they came unto the children of Reuben, and  
to the children of Gad, and to the half tribe of Manasseh, unto the land of     
Gilead, and they spake with them, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the whole congregation of YHVH, What 
trespass is this that ye have committed against the ELOHIYM of Israel, to turn  
away this day from following YHVH, in that ye have builded you an altar, that   
ye might rebel this day against YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Is the iniquity of Peor too little for us, from 
which we are not cleansed until this day, although there was a plague in the    
congregation of YHVH,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But that ye must turn away this day from following YHVH? and it     
will be, seeing ye rebel to day against YHVH, that to morrow he will be wroth   
with the whole congregation of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding, if the land of your possession 
be unclean, then pass ye over unto the land of the possession of YHVH, wherein  
YHVH's tabernacle dwelleth, and take possession among us: but rebel not against 
YHVH, nor rebel against us, in building you an altar beside the altar of YHVH   
our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>
Did not Achan the son of Zerah commit a trespass in the accursed thing, and     
wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel? and that man perished not alone   
in his iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half tribe   
of Manasseh answered, and said unto the heads of the thousands of Israel,</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH EL of      
gods, YHVH EL of gods, he knoweth, and Israel he shall know; if it be in        
rebellion, or if in transgression against YHVH, (save us not this day,)</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>That we have built   
us an altar to turn from following YHVH, or if to offer thereon burnt offering  
or meat offering, or if to offer peace offerings thereon, let YHVH himself      
require it;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And if we have not rather done it for fear of this thing, saying, In time to    
come your children might speak unto our children, saying, What have ye to do    
with YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>   
25</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH hath made Jordan a border between us and you, ye    
children of Reuben and children of Gad; ye have no part in YHVH: so shall your  
children make our children cease from fearing YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore we said, Let us now     
prepare to build us an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But that it may 
be a witness between us, and you, and our generations after us, that we might   
do the service of YHVH before him with our burnt offerings, and with our        
sacrifices, and with our peace offerings; that your children may not say to our 
children in time to come, Ye have no part in YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore said we, that it shall  
be, when they should so say to us or to our generations in time to come, that   
we may say again, Behold the pattern of the altar of YHVH, which our fathers    
made, not for burnt offerings, nor for sacrifices; but it is a witness between  
us and you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Forbid that we should rebel against YHVH, and turn this day from following      
YHVH, to build an altar for burnt offerings, for meat offerings, or for         
sacrifices, beside the altar of YHVH our ELOHIYM that is before his             
tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And when Phinehas the priest, and the princes of the congregation and heads of  
the thousands of Israel which were with him, heard the words that the children  
of Reuben and the children of Gad and the children of Manasseh spake, it        
pleased them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest said unto the children of Reuben, 
and to the children of Gad, and to the children of Manasseh, This day we        
perceive that YHVH is among us, because ye have not committed this trespass     
against YHVH: now ye have delivered the children of Israel out of the hand of   
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Phinehas the son of Eleazar the priest, and the princes, returned from the      
children of Reuben, and from the children of Gad, out of the land of Gilead,    
unto the land of Canaan, to the children of Israel, and brought them word       
again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the thing pleased the children of Israel; and the children of Israel blessed    
ELOHIYM, and did not intend to go up against them in battle, to destroy the     
land wherein the children of Reuben and Gad dwelt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Reuben and    
the children of Gad called the altar Ed: for it shall be a witness between us   
that YHVH is ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000  
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C023.htm'>Joshua 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
