<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 12 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B38C011.htm'>Zechariah 11</A></P><CENTER><H2            
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The burden of the word of YHVH  
for Israel, saith YHVH, which stretcheth forth the heavens, and layeth the      
foundation of the earth, and formeth the spirit of man within him.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will make         
Jerusalem a cup of trembling unto all the people round about, when they shall   
be in the siege both against Judah and against Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And in that day will I make         
Jerusalem a burdensome stone for all people: all that burden themselves with it 
shall be cut in pieces, though all the people of the earth be gathered together 
against it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>In 
that day, saith YHVH, I will smite every horse with astonishment, and his rider 
with madness: and I will open mine eyes upon the house of Judah, and will smite 
every horse of the people with blindness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the governors of Judah shall say in their     
heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem shall be my strength in YHVH of hosts their 
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>In    
that day will I make the governors of Judah like an hearth of fire among the    
wood, and like a torch of fire in a sheaf; and they shall devour all the people 
round about, on the right hand and on the left: and Jerusalem shall be          
inhabited again in her own place, even in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH also shall save the tents of   
Judah first, that the glory of the house of David and the glory of the          
inhabitants of Jerusalem do not magnify themselves against Judah.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day shall YHVH      
defend the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and he that is feeble among them at that   
day shall be as David; and the house of David shall be as ELOHIYM, as the angel 
of YHVH before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will seek to destroy all   
the nations that come against Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will pour upon the house of David, and    
upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of supplications:    
and they shall look upon me whom they have pierced, and they shall mourn for    
him, as one mourneth for his only son, and shall be in bitterness for him, as   
one that is in bitterness for his firstborn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day shall there be a great mourning in  
Jerusalem, as the mourning of Hadadrimmon in the valley of Megiddon.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land shall   
mourn, every family apart; the family of the house of David apart, and their    
wives apart; the family of the house of Nathan apart, and their wives apart;</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The family of   
the house of Levi apart, and their wives apart; the family of Shimei apart, and 
their wives apart;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>All the families that remain, every family apart, and their wives        
apart.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B38C013.htm'>Zechariah 13</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
