<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C013.htm'>2nd Chronicles 13</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>So Abijah slept with his        
fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in   
his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Asa did that which was good and 
right in the eyes of YHVH his ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For he took away the altars of the strange gods,  
and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And commanded     
Judah to seek YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers, and to do the law and the          
commandment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the        
images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the   
land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because YHVH had given him     
rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them    
walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we 
have sought YHVH our ELOHIYM, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on  
every side. So they built and prospered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and  
spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare     
shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were       
mighty men of valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a    
thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Asa went out    
against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at     
Mareshah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Asa cried unto YHVH his ELOHIYM, and said, YHVH, it is nothing with thee to 
help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O YHVH our   
ELOHIYM; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O   
YHVH, thou art our ELOHIYM; let no man prevail against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>So YHVH smote the Ethiopians  
before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Asa and the people that were  
with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they 
could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before YHVH, and before   
his host; and they carried away very much spoil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And they smote all the cities     
round about Gerar; for the fear of YHVH came upon them: and they spoiled all    
the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>They smote also the tents of      
cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to         
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C015.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
