<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B13C020.htm'>1st Chronicles 20</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The First Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Satan stood up against      
Israel, and provoked David to number Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said to Joab and to the rulers of the   
people, Go, number Israel from Beersheba even to Dan; and bring the number of   
them to me, that I may know it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4> 
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joab answered, YHVH make his people an hundred times so   
many more as they be: but, my lord the king, are they not all my lord's         
servants? why then doth my lord require this thing? why will he be a cause of   
trespass to Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Nevertheless the king's word prevailed against Joab. Wherefore Joab      
departed, and went throughout all Israel, and came to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joab gave the sum of    
the number of the people unto David. And all they of Israel were a thousand     
thousand and an hundred thousand men that drew sword: and Judah was four        
hundred threescore and ten thousand men that drew sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But Levi and Benjamin counted he    
not among them: for the king's word was abominable to Joab.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM was displeased with 
this thing; therefore he smote Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said unto ELOHIYM, I have sinned        
greatly, because I have done this thing: but now, I beseech thee, do away the   
iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Gad, David's    
seer, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Go and tell David, saying, Thus saith YHVH, I offer thee three things:       
choose thee one of them, that I may do it unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>So Gad came to David, and said    
unto him, Thus saith YHVH, Choose thee</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Either three years' famine; or three months to  
be destroyed before thy foes, while that the sword of thine enemies overtaketh  
thee; or else three days the sword of YHVH, even the pestilence, in the land,   
and the angel of YHVH destroying throughout all the coasts of Israel. Now       
therefore advise thyself what word I shall bring again to him that sent me.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said  
unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let me fall now into the hand of YHVH; for    
very great are his mercies: but let me not fall into the hand of man.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So YHVH sent         
pestilence upon Israel: and there fell of Israel seventy thousand men.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM sent an  
angel unto Jerusalem to destroy it: and as he was destroying, YHVH beheld, and  
he repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed, It is        
enough, stay now thine hand. And the angel of YHVH stood by the threshingfloor  
of Ornan the Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And David lifted up his eyes, and saw the angel of YHVH stand       
between the earth and the heaven, having a drawn sword in his hand stretched    
out over Jerusalem. Then David and the elders of Israel, who were clothed in    
sackcloth, fell upon their faces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>  
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said unto ELOHIYM, Is it not I that commanded  
the people to be numbered? even I it is that have sinned and done evil indeed;  
but as for these sheep, what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, O     
YHVH my ELOHIYM, be on me, and on my father's house; but not on thy people,     
that they should be plagued.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the angel of YHVH commanded Gad to say to David, that   
David should go up, and set up an altar unto YHVH in the threshingfloor of      
Ornan the Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And David went up at the saying of Gad, which he spake in the name of    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Ornan turned back, and saw the angel; and his four sons with him hid            
themselves. Now Ornan was threshing wheat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And as David came to Ornan, Ornan looked and    
saw David, and went out of the threshingfloor, and bowed himself to David with  
his face to the ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Then David said to Ornan, Grant me the place of this                
threshingfloor, that I may build an altar therein unto YHVH: thou shalt grant   
it me for the full price: that the plague may be stayed from the people.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ornan said  
unto David, Take it to thee, and let my lord the king do that which is good in  
his eyes: lo, I give thee the oxen also for burnt offerings, and the threshing  
instruments for wood, and the wheat for the meat offering; I give it all.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And king David  
said to Ornan, Nay; but I will verily buy it for the full price: for I will not 
take that which is thine for YHVH, nor offer burnt offerings without cost.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>So David gave   
to Ornan for the place six hundred shekels of gold by weight.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And David built there an      
altar unto YHVH, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings, and called    
upon YHVH; and he answered him from heaven by fire upon the altar of burnt      
offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And YHVH commanded the angel; and he put up his sword again into the sheath     
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>At  
that time when David saw that YHVH had answered him in the threshingfloor of    
Ornan the Jebusite, then he sacrificed there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>For the tabernacle of YHVH, which Moses made 
in the wilderness, and the altar of the burnt offering, were at that season in  
the high place at Gibeon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>      
30</H4></TD><TD><P>But David could not go before it to enquire of ELOHIYM: for  
he was afraid because of the sword of the angel of YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B13C022.htm'>1st Chronicles 22</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
