<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C020.htm'>Revelation 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the     
first earth were passed away; and there was no more sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I John saw the holy city, new   
Jerusalem, coming down from ELOHIYM out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned  
for her husband.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of    
ELOHIYM is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, 
and ELOHIYM himself shall be with them, and be their EL.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And ADONAY YHVH shall wipe away all 
tears from their eyes; and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow, nor    
crying, neither shall there be any more pain: for the former things are passed  
away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he   
that sat upon the throne said, Behold, I make all things new. And he said unto  
me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto me, It is done. I  
am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is     
athirst of the fountain of the water of life freely.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>He that overcometh shall inherit    
all things; and I will be his EL, and he shall be my son.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But the fearful, and unbelieving,   
and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and         
idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with  
fire and brimstone: which is the second death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came unto me one of the seven angels 
which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me,   
saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he carried me away in 
the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the     
holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from ELOHIYM,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Having the glory of ELOHIYM: and  
her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear  
as crystal;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve    
angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of  
the children of Israel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south     
three gates; and on the west three gates.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the wall of the city had twelve             
foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that talked   
with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the   
wall thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth:    
and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length    
and the breadth and the height of it are equal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he measured the wall thereof, an hundred 
and forty and four cubits, according to the measure of a man, that is, of the   
angel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the building of the wall of it was of jasper: and the city was pure gold, like  
unto clear glass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the foundations of the wall of the city were garnished with all      
manner of precious stones. The first foundation was jasper; the second,         
sapphire; the third, a chalcedony; the fourth, an emerald;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The fifth, sardonyx; the sixth,   
sardius; the seventh, chrysolyte; the eighth, beryl; the ninth, a topaz; the    
tenth, a chrysoprasus; the eleventh, a jacinth; the twelfth, an amethyst.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the twelve  
gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street   
of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw no temple therein: for  
the ADONAY EL SHADDAY and the Lamb are the temple of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the city had no need of the   
sun, neither of the moon, to shine in it: for the glory of ELOHIYM did lighten  
it, and the Lamb is the light thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the nations of them which are saved shall   
walk in the light of it: and the kings of the earth do bring their glory and    
honour into it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the gates of it shall not be shut at all by day: for there shall be no   
night there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>
And they shall bring the glory and honour of the nations into it.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And there shall in no     
wise enter into it any thing that defileth, neither whatsoever worketh          
abomination, or maketh a lie: but they which are written in the Lamb's book of  
life.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C022.htm'>Revelation 22</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
