<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C018.htm'>Revelation 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And after these things I heard a great voice of much people in heaven,   
saying, Alleluia; Salvation, and glory, and honour, and power, unto YHVH our    
ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
true and righteous are his judgments: for he hath judged the great whore, which 
did corrupt the earth with her fornication, and hath avenged the blood of his   
servants at her hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And again they said, Alleluia And her smoke rose up for ever and         
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
four and twenty elders and the four beasts fell down and worshipped ELOHIYM     
that sat on the throne, saying, Amen; Alleluia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And a voice came out of the throne, saying,    
Praise our ELOHIYM, all ye his servants, and ye that fear him, both small and   
great.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I   
heard as it were the voice of a great multitude, and as the voice of many       
waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings, saying, Alleluia: for the       
ADONAY YHVH omnipotent reigneth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honour to him: for the   
marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And to her was granted 
that she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white: for the fine linen   
is the righteousness of saints.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he saith unto me, Write, Blessed are they which are       
called unto the marriage supper of the Lamb. And he saith unto me, These are    
the true sayings of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>   
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me,  
See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservant, and of thy brethren that have the   
testimony of YAHSHUA: worship ELOHIYM: for the testimony of YAHSHUA is the      
spirit of prophecy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And I saw heaven opened, and behold a white horse; and he that sat upon  
him was called Faithful and True, and in righteousness he doth judge and make   
war.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>His     
eyes were as a flame of fire, and on his head were many crowns; and he had a    
name written, that no man knew, but he himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was clothed with a vesture dipped in  
blood: and his name is called The Word of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the armies which were in      
heaven followed him upon white horses, clothed in fine linen, white and         
clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
out of his mouth goeth a sharp sword, that with it he should smite the nations: 
and he shall rule them with a rod of iron: and he treadeth the winepress of the 
fierceness and wrath of SHADDAY EL.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hath on his vesture and on his thigh a name       
written, KING OF KINGS, AND ADONAY OF ADOWN.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw an angel standing in the sun; and he  
cried with a loud voice, saying to all the fowls that fly in the midst of       
heaven, Come and gather yourselves together unto the supper of the great        
ELOHIYM;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>    
That ye may eat the flesh of kings, and the flesh of captains, and the flesh of 
mighty men, and the flesh of horses, and of them that sit on them, and the      
flesh of all men, both free and bond, both small and great.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw the beast, and the  
kings of the earth, and their armies, gathered together to make war against him 
that sat on the horse, and against his army.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the beast was taken, and with him the false 
prophet that wrought miracles before him, with which he deceived them that had  
received the mark of the beast, and them that worshipped his image. These both  
were cast alive into a lake of fire burning with brimstone.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant were slain    
with the sword of him that sat upon the horse, which sword proceeded out of his 
mouth: and all the fowls were filled with their flesh.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B66C020.htm'>Revelation 20</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
