<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 30 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C029.htm'>Ezekiel 29</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 30</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came again unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, prophesy and say,   
Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Howl ye, Woe worth the day!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For the day is near, even the day   
of YHVH is near, a cloudy day; it shall be the time of the heathen.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sword shall    
come upon Egypt, and great pain shall be in Ethiopia, when the slain shall fall 
in Egypt, and they shall take away her multitude, and her foundations shall be  
broken down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Ethiopia, and Libya, and Lydia, and all the mingled people, and Chub, and the   
men of the land that is in league, shall fall with them by the sword.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; They  
also that uphold Egypt shall fall; and the pride of her power shall come down:  
from the tower of Syene shall they fall in it by the sword, saith the ADONAY    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they 
shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her      
cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall know that I am   
YHVH, when I have set a fire in Egypt, and when all her helpers shall be        
destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>In  
that day shall messengers go forth from me in ships to make the careless        
Ethiopians afraid, and great pain shall come upon them, as in the day of Egypt: 
for, lo, it cometh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; I will also make the multitude of Egypt to   
cease by the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>He and his people with him, the   
terrible of the nations, shall be brought to destroy the land: and they shall   
draw their swords against Egypt, and fill the land with the slain.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make the       
rivers dry, and sell the land into the hand of the wicked: and I will make the  
land waste, and all that is therein, by the hand of strangers: I YHVH have      
spoken it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; I will also destroy the idols, and I will cause     
their images to cease out of Noph; and there shall be no more a prince of the   
land of Egypt: and I will put a fear in the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make Pathros desolate, 
and will set fire in Zoan, and will execute judgments in No.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will pour my fury upon  
Sin, the strength of Egypt; and I will cut off the multitude of No.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set fire  
in Egypt: Sin shall have great pain, and No shall be rent asunder, and Noph     
shall have distresses daily.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>   
17</H4></TD><TD><P>The young men of Aven and of Pibeseth shall fall by the      
sword: and these cities shall go into captivity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>At Tehaphnehes also the day shall 
be darkened, when I shall break there the yokes of Egypt: and the pomp of her   
strength shall cease in her: as for her, a cloud shall cover her, and her       
daughters shall go into captivity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19> 
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus will I execute judgments in Egypt: and they shall   
know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the first month, in    
the seventh day of the month, that the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, I   
have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt; and, lo, it shall not be bound up 
to be healed, to put a roller to bind it, to make it strong to hold the         
sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I am against Pharaoh king of      
Egypt, and will break his arms, the strong, and that which was broken; and I    
will cause the sword to fall out of his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will scatter the Egyptians among the   
nations, and will disperse them through the countries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will strengthen the arms of 
the king of Babylon, and put my sword in his hand: but I will break Pharaoh's   
arms, and he shall groan before him with the groanings of a deadly wounded      
man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But I   
will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and the arms of Pharaoh shall  
fall down; and they shall know that I am YHVH, when I shall put my sword into   
the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall stretch it out upon the land of   
Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And I 
will scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and disperse them among the       
countries; and they shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This    
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B26C031.htm'>Ezekiel 31</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
