<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Epistle to the Hebrews, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B58C008.htm'>Hebrews 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Epistle to  
the Hebrews</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then verily the first covenant had also ordinances of divine service, and a     
worldly sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For there was a tabernacle made; the first, wherein was the candlestick, 
and the table, and the shewbread; which is called the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And after the second veil,  
the tabernacle which is called the Holiest of all;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Which had the golden censer, and    
the ark of the covenant overlaid round about with gold, wherein was the golden  
pot that had manna, and Aaron's rod that budded, and the tables of the          
covenant;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
over it the cherubims of glory shadowing the mercyseat; of which we cannot now  
speak particularly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now when these things were thus ordained, the priests went always into   
the first tabernacle, accomplishing the service.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But into the second went the high   
priest alone once every year, not without blood, which he offered for himself,  
and for the errors of the people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The Holy Ghost this signifying, that the way into the     
holiest of all was not yet made manifest, while as the first tabernacle was yet 
standing:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Which was a figure for the time then present, in which were offered both gifts  
and sacrifices, that could not make him that did the service perfect, as        
pertaining to the conscience;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Which stood only in meats and drinks, and divers washings,   
and carnal ordinances, imposed on them until the time of reformation.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But MASHIYACH being  
come an high priest of good things to come, by a greater and more perfect       
tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building;</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither by the blood 
of goats and calves, but by his own blood he entered in once into the holy      
place, having obtained eternal redemption for us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For if the blood of bulls and of  
goats, and the ashes of an heifer sprinkling the unclean, sanctifieth to the    
purifying of the flesh:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>How much more shall the blood of MASHIYACH, who through the eternal 
Spirit offered himself without spot to ELOHIYM, purge your conscience from dead 
works to serve the living EL?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>  
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament,  
that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were      
under the first testament, they which are called might receive the promise of   
eternal inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>For where a testament is, there must also of necessity be the death 
of the testator.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For a testament is of force after men are dead: otherwise it is of no    
strength at all while the testator liveth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Whereupon neither the first testament was       
dedicated without blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according 
to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats, with water, and scarlet   
wool, and hyssop, and sprinkled both the book, and all the people,</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying, This is the blood 
of the testament which YHVH hath enjoined unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he sprinkled with blood  
both the tabernacle, and all the vessels of the ministry.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And almost all things are by the  
law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>It was therefore     
necessary that the patterns of things in the heavens should be purified with    
these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>For MASHIYACH   
is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of   
the true; but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of ELOHIYM for  
us:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Nor yet  
that he should offer himself often, as the high priest entereth into the holy   
place every year with blood of others;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>For then must he often have suffered since the  
foundation of the world: but now once in the end of the world hath he appeared  
to put away sin by the sacrifice of himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And as it is appointed unto men once to die,    
but after this the judgment:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>   
28</H4></TD><TD><P>So MASHIYACH was once offered to bear the sins of many; and  
unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto    
salvation.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B58C010.htm'>Hebrews 10</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
