<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C004.htm'>Joshua 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And it came to pass, when all the kings of the Amorites, which were on the side 
of Jordan westward, and all the kings of the Canaanites, which were by the sea, 
heard that YHVH had dried up the waters of Jordan from before the children of   
Israel, until we were passed over, that their heart melted, neither was there   
spirit in them any more, because of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>At that time YHVH said unto     
Joshua, Make thee sharp knives, and circumcise again the children of Israel the 
second time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Joshua made him sharp knives, and circumcised the children of Israel at the 
hill of the foreskins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And this is the cause why Joshua did circumcise: All the people     
that came out of Egypt, that were males, even all the men of war, died in the   
wilderness by the way, after they came out of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Now all the people that came out    
were circumcised: but all the people that were born in the wilderness by the    
way as they came forth out of Egypt, them they had not circumcised.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For the children of    
Israel walked forty years in the wilderness, till all the people that were men  
of war, which came out of Egypt, were consumed, because they obeyed not the     
voice of YHVH: unto whom YHVH sware that he would not show them the land, which 
YHVH sware unto their fathers that he would give us, a land that floweth with   
milk and honey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And their children, whom he raised up in their stead, them Joshua            
circumcised: for they were uncircumcised, because they had not circumcised them 
by the way.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And it came to pass, when they had done circumcising all the people, that they  
abode in their places in the camp, till they were whole.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Joshua, This day 
have I rolled away the reproach of Egypt from off you. Wherefore the name of    
the place is called Gilgal unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel encamped in Gilgal,  
and kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains  
of Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And they did eat of the old corn of the land on the morrow after the passover,  
unleavened cakes, and parched corn in the selfsame day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the manna ceased on the       
morrow after they had eaten of the old corn of the land; neither had the        
children of Israel manna any more; but they did eat of the fruit of the land of 
Canaan that year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And it came to pass, when Joshua was by Jericho, that he lifted up his   
eyes and looked, and, behold, there stood a man over against him with his sword 
drawn in his hand: and Joshua went unto him, and said unto him, Art thou for    
us, or for our adversaries?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>    
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Nay; but as captain of the host of the ADOWN am 
I now come. And Joshua fell on his face to the earth, and did worship, and said 
unto him, What saith my YHVH unto his servant?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the captain of YHVH's host said unto     
Joshua, Loose thy shoe from off thy foot; for the place whereon thou standest   
is holy. And Joshua did so.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C006.htm'>Joshua 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
