<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C006.htm'>Leviticus 6</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise this is the law of the     
trespass offering: it is most holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2> 
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>In the place where they kill the burnt offering shall     
they kill the trespass offering: and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle round  
about upon the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And he shall offer of it all the fat thereof; the rump, and the fat that 
covereth the inwards,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, which is by the        
flanks, and the caul that is above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he     
take away:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto     
YHVH: it is a trespass offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Every male among the priests shall eat thereof: it shall be   
eaten in the holy place: it is most holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>As the sin offering is, so is the trespass        
offering: there is one law for them: the priest that maketh atonement therewith 
shall have it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the priest that offereth any man's burnt offering, even the priest shall    
have to himself the skin of the burnt offering which he hath offered.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the meat       
offering that is baked in the oven, and all that is dressed in the frying pan,  
and in the pan, shall be the priest's that offereth it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And every meat offering, mingled  
with oil, and dry, shall all the sons of Aaron have, one as much as another.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the 
law of the sacrifice of peace offerings, which he shall offer unto YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>If he offer it  
for a thanksgiving, then he shall offer with the sacrifice of thanksgiving      
unleavened cakes mingled with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed with oil, and 
cakes mingled with oil, of fine flour, fried.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Besides the cakes, he shall offer for his    
offering leavened bread with the sacrifice of thanksgiving of his peace         
offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And of it he shall offer one out of the whole oblation for an heave offering    
unto YHVH, and it shall be the priest's that sprinkleth the blood of the peace  
offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offerings for thanksgiving shall be 
eaten the same day that it is offered; he shall not leave any of it until the   
morning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
if the sacrifice of his offering be a vow, or a voluntary offering, it shall be 
eaten the same day that he offereth his sacrifice: and on the morrow also the   
remainder of it shall be eaten:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>But the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third 
day shall be burnt with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>  
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace        
offerings be eaten at all on the third day, it shall not be accepted, neither   
shall it be imputed unto him that offereth it: it shall be an abomination, and  
the soul that eateth of it shall bear his iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the flesh that toucheth any   
unclean thing shall not be eaten; it shall be burnt with fire: and as for the   
flesh, all that be clean shall eat thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But the soul that eateth of the flesh of the    
sacrifice of peace offerings, that pertain unto YHVH, having his uncleanness    
upon him, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the soul that shall      
touch any unclean thing, as the uncleanness of man, or any unclean beast, or    
any abominable unclean thing, and eat of the flesh of the sacrifice of peace    
offerings, which pertain unto YHVH, even that soul shall be cut off from his    
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4> 
23</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, Ye shall eat no   
manner of fat, of ox, or of sheep, or of goat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fat of the beast that dieth of       
itself, and the fat of that which is torn with beasts, may be used in any other 
use: but ye shall in no wise eat of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>For whosoever eateth the fat of the beast, of   
which men offer an offering made by fire unto YHVH, even the soul that eateth   
it shall be cut off from his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover ye shall eat no manner of blood,       
whether it be of fowl or of beast, in any of your dwellings.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Whatsoever soul it be that    
eateth any manner of blood, even that soul shall be cut off from his people.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake  
unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, He that offereth the          
sacrifice of his peace offerings unto YHVH shall bring his oblation unto YHVH   
of the sacrifice of his peace offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>His own hands shall bring the offerings of YHVH 
made by fire, the fat with the breast, it shall he bring, that the breast may   
be waved for a wave offering before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall burn the fat upon the      
altar: but the breast shall be Aaron's and his sons'.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the right shoulder shall ye   
give unto the priest for an heave offering of the sacrifices of your peace      
offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>  
He among the sons of Aaron, that offereth the blood of the peace offerings, and 
the fat, shall have the right shoulder for his part.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>For the wave breast and the heave 
shoulder have I taken of the children of Israel from off the sacrifices of      
their peace offerings, and have given them unto Aaron the priest and unto his   
sons by a statute for ever from among the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the portion of the    
anointing of Aaron, and of the anointing of his sons, out of the offerings of   
YHVH made by fire, in the day when he presented them to minister unto YHVH in   
the priest's office;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Which YHVH commanded to be given them of the children of Israel, in 
the day that he anointed them, by a statute for ever throughout their           
generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>
This is the law of the burnt offering, of the meat offering, and of the sin     
offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecrations, and of the    
sacrifice of the peace offerings;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38>  
<H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Which YHVH commanded Moses in mount Sinai, in the day    
that he commanded the children of Israel to offer their oblations unto YHVH, in 
the wilderness of Sinai.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright    
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B03C008.htm'>Leviticus 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
