<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C019.htm'>Judges 19</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then all the children of Israel went out, and the congregation was gathered     
together as one man, from Dan even to Beersheba, with the land of Gilead, unto  
YHVH in Mizpeh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the chief of all the people, even of all the tribes of Israel, presented 
themselves in the assembly of the people of ELOHIYM, four hundred thousand      
footmen that drew sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>(Now the children of Benjamin heard that the children of Israel     
were gone up to Mizpeh.) Then said the children of Israel, Tell us, how was     
this wickedness?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the Levite, the husband of the woman that was slain, answered and said,  
I came into Gibeah that belongeth to Benjamin, I and my concubine, to lodge.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of    
Gibeah rose against me, and beset the house round about upon me by night, and   
thought to have slain me: and my concubine have they forced, that she is        
dead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I    
took my concubine, and cut her in pieces, and sent her throughout all the       
country of the inheritance of Israel: for they have committed lewdness and      
folly in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Behold, ye are all children of Israel; give here your advice and counsel.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the       
people arose as one man, saying, We will not any of us go to his tent, neither  
will we any of us turn into his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But now this shall be the thing which we will do  
to Gibeah; we will go up by lot against it;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And we will take ten men of an hundred          
throughout all the tribes of Israel, and an hundred of a thousand, and a        
thousand out of ten thousand, to fetch victual for the people, that they may    
do, when they come to Gibeah of Benjamin, according to all the folly that they  
have wrought in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>So all the men of Israel were gathered against the city, knit       
together as one man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the tribes of Israel sent men through all the tribe of          
Benjamin, saying, What wickedness is this that is done among you?</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore deliver us  
the men, the children of Belial, which are in Gibeah, that we may put them to   
death, and put away evil from Israel. But the children of Benjamin would not    
hearken to the voice of their brethren the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But the children of Benjamin  
gathered themselves together out of the cities unto Gibeah, to go out to battle 
against the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Benjamin were numbered at that time out  
of the cities twenty and six thousand men that drew sword, beside the           
inhabitants of Gibeah, which were numbered seven hundred chosen men.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Among all this       
people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded; every one could sling    
stones at an hair breadth, and not miss.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel, beside Benjamin, were    
numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword: all these were men of       
war.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the 
children of Israel arose, and went up to the house of EL, and asked counsel of  
ELOHIYM, and said, Which of us shall go up first to the battle against the      
children of Benjamin? And YHVH said, Judah shall go up first.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel    
rose up in the morning, and encamped against Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel went out to 
battle against Benjamin; and the men of Israel put themselves in array to fight 
against them at Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Benjamin came forth out of Gibeah, and          
destroyed down to the ground of the Israelites that day twenty and two thousand 
men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the 
people the men of Israel encouraged themselves, and set their battle again in   
array in the place where they put themselves in array the first day.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>(And the children of 
Israel went up and wept before YHVH until even, and asked counsel of YHVH,      
saying, Shall I go up again to battle against the children of Benjamin my       
brother? And YHVH said, Go up against him.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel came near against    
the children of Benjamin the second day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Benjamin went forth against them out of     
Gibeah the second day, and destroyed down to the ground of the children of      
Israel again eighteen thousand men; all these drew the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then all the children of      
Israel, and all the people, went up, and came unto the house of EL, and wept,   
and sat there before YHVH, and fasted that day until even, and offered burnt    
offerings and peace offerings before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel inquired of YHVH,    
(for the ark of the covenant of ELOHIYM was there in those days,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Phinehas, the son of  
Eleazar, the son of Aaron, stood before it in those days,) saying, Shall I yet  
again go out to battle against the children of Benjamin my brother, or shall I  
cease? And YHVH said, Go up; for to morrow I will deliver them into thine       
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Israel set liers in wait round about Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel went up against the  
children of Benjamin on the third day, and put themselves in array against      
Gibeah, as at other times.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>     
31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Benjamin went out against the people,    
and were drawn away from the city; and they began to smite of the people, and   
kill, as at other times, in the highways, of which one goeth up to the house of 
EL, and the other to Gibeah in the field, about thirty men of Israel.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of  
Benjamin said, They are smitten down before us, as at the first. But the        
children of Israel said, Let us flee, and draw them from the city unto the      
highways.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And all the men of Israel rose up out of their place, and put themselves in     
array at Baaltamar: and the liers in wait of Israel came forth out of their     
places, even out of the meadows of Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came against Gibeah ten thousand      
chosen men out of all Israel, and the battle was sore: but they knew not that   
evil was near them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And YHVH smote Benjamin before Israel: and the children of Israel        
destroyed of the Benjamites that day twenty and five thousand and an hundred    
men: all these drew the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4> 
36</H4></TD><TD><P>So the children of Benjamin saw that they were smitten: for  
the men of Israel gave place to the Benjamites, because they trusted unto the   
liers in wait which they had set beside Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And the liers in wait hasted, and rushed     
upon Gibeah; and the liers in wait drew themselves along, and smote all the     
city with the edge of the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38>   
<H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Now there was an appointed sign between the men of       
Israel and the liers in wait, that they should make a great flame with smoke    
rise up out of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And when the men of Israel retired in the battle, Benjamin began to 
smite and kill of the men of Israel about thirty persons: for they said, Surely 
they are smitten down before us, as in the first battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>But when the flame began to arise 
up out of the city with a pillar of smoke, the Benjamites looked behind them,   
and, behold, the flame of the city ascended up to heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the men of Israel turned 
again, the men of Benjamin were amazed: for they saw that evil was come upon    
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Therefore they turned their backs before the men of Israel unto the way of the  
wilderness; but the battle overtook them; and them which came out of the cities 
they destroyed in the midst of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus they inclosed the Benjamites round about,  
and chased them, and trode them down with ease over against Gibeah toward the   
sunrising.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And there fell of Benjamin eighteen thousand men; all these were men of         
valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of Rimmon: and they    
gleaned of them in the highways five thousand men; and pursued hard after them  
unto Gidom, and slew two thousand men of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>So that all which fell that day of Benjamin  
were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword; all these were men of    
valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
six hundred men turned and fled to the wilderness unto the rock Rimmon, and     
abode in the rock Rimmon four months.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel turned again upon the     
children of Benjamin, and smote them with the edge of the sword, as well the    
men of every city, as the beast, and all that came to hand: also they set on    
fire all the cities that they came to.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software   
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B07C021.htm'>Judges 21</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
