<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name   
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C006.htm'>Exodus 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>  
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, See, I have made thee a 
god to Pharaoh: and Aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt speak all that I     
command thee: and Aaron thy brother shall speak unto Pharaoh, that he send the  
children of Israel out of his land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and multiply my signs  
and my wonders in the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But Pharaoh shall not hearken unto you, that I may lay my 
hand upon Egypt, and bring forth mine armies, and my people the children of     
Israel, out of the land of Egypt by great judgments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Egyptians shall know that I 
am YHVH, when I stretch forth mine hand upon Egypt, and bring out the children  
of Israel from among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Moses and Aaron did as YHVH commanded them, so did they.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses was     
fourscore years old, and Aaron fourscore and three years old, when they spake   
unto Pharaoh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>When Pharaoh shall speak unto you,  
saying, Show a miracle for you: then thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod,   
and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses and Aaron went in unto  
Pharaoh, and they did so as YHVH had commanded: and Aaron cast down his rod     
before Pharaoh, and before his servants, and it became a serpent.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Pharaoh also called  
the wise men and the sorcerers: now the magicians of Egypt, they also did in    
like manner with their enchantments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For they cast down every man his rod, and they  
became serpents: but Aaron's rod swallowed up their rods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hardened Pharaoh's heart,  
that he hearkened not unto them; as YHVH had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses,         
Pharaoh's heart is hardened, he refuseth to let the people go.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Get thee unto Pharaoh in the  
morning; lo, he goeth out unto the water; and thou shalt stand by the river's   
brink against he come; and the rod which was turned to a serpent shalt thou     
take in thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And thou shalt say unto him, YHVH ELOHIYM of the Hebrews hath sent me    
unto thee, saying, Let my people go, that they may serve me in the wilderness:  
and, behold, hitherto thou wouldest not hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, In this thou shalt know     
that I am YHVH: behold, I will smite with the rod that is in mine hand upon the 
waters which are in the river, and they shall be turned to blood.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fish that is in   
the river shall die, and the river shall stink; and the Egyptians shall loathe  
to drink of the water of the river.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, Say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, 
and stretch out thine hand upon the waters of Egypt, upon their streams, upon   
their rivers, and upon their ponds, and upon all their pools of water, that     
they may become blood; and that there may be blood throughout all the land of   
Egypt, both in vessels of wood, and in vessels of stone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses and Aaron did so, as    
YHVH commanded; and he lifted up the rod, and smote the waters that were in the 
river, in the sight of Pharaoh, and in the sight of his servants; and all the   
waters that were in the river were turned to blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fish that was in the      
river died; and the river stank, and the Egyptians could not drink of the water 
of the river; and there was blood throughout all the land of Egypt.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the magicians of 
Egypt did so with their enchantments: and Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither 
did he hearken unto them; as YHVH had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh turned and went into his house,     
neither did he set his heart to this also.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the Egyptians digged round about the    
river for water to drink; for they could not drink of the water of the          
river.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
seven days were fulfilled, after that YHVH had smitten the river.</P></TD></TR> 
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B02C008.htm'>Exodus 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
