<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C007.htm'>2nd Kings 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then spake Elisha unto the woman, whose son he had restored to life,     
saying, Arise, and go thou and thine household, and sojourn wheresoever thou    
canst sojourn: for YHVH hath called for a famine; and it shall also come upon   
the land seven years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the woman arose, and did after the saying of the man of ELOHIYM: and 
she went with her household, and sojourned in the land of the Philistines seven 
years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And it  
came to pass at the seven years' end, that the woman returned out of the land   
of the Philistines: and she went forth to cry unto the king for her house and   
for her land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the king talked with Gehazi the servant of the man of ELOHIYM, saying, Tell 
me, I pray thee, all the great things that Elisha hath done.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as he was  
telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the     
woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for her house and   
for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is  
her son, whom Elisha restored to life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the king asked the woman, she told him.  
So the king appointed unto her a certain officer, saying, Restore all that was  
hers, and all the fruits of the field since the day that she left the land,     
even until now.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Elisha came to Damascus; and Benhadad the king of Syria was sick; and it 
was told him, saying, The man of ELOHIYM is come hither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said unto Hazael, Take 
a present in thine hand, and go, meet the man of ELOHIYM, and enquire of YHVH   
by him, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So Hazael went to meet him, and     
took a present with him, even of every good thing of Damascus, forty camels'    
burden, and came and stood before him, and said, Thy son Benhadad king of Syria 
hath sent me to thee, saying, Shall I recover of this disease?</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha said unto him, Go, 
say unto him, Thou mayest certainly recover: howbeit YHVH hath showed me that   
he shall surely die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And he settled his countenance stedfastly, until he was ashamed:    
and the man of ELOHIYM wept.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hazael said, Why weepeth my lord? And he answered,       
Because I know the evil that thou wilt do unto the children of Israel: their    
strong holds wilt thou set on fire, and their young men wilt thou slay with the 
sword, and wilt dash their children, and rip up their women with child.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hazael said, But 
what, is thy servant a dog, that he should do this great thing? And Elisha      
answered, YHVH hath showed me that thou shalt be king over Syria.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So he departed from       
Elisha, and came to his master; who said to him, What said Elisha to thee? And  
he answered, He told me that thou shouldest surely recover.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the    
morrow, that he took a thick cloth, and dipped it in water, and spread it on    
his face, so that he died: and Hazael reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the fifth year of      
Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel, Jehoshaphat being then king of Judah,     
Jehoram the son of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began to reign.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thirty and two years old was  
he when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he walked in the 
way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for the daughter of Ahab  
was his wife: and he did evil in the sight of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet YHVH would not destroy Judah  
for David his servant's sake, as he promised him to give him alway a light, and 
to his children.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>In his days Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah, and made a king  
over themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>So Joram went over to Zair, and all the chariots with him: and he rose   
by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him about, and the captains of 
the chariots: and the people fled into their tents.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet Edom revolted from under the  
hand of Judah unto this day. Then Libnah revolted at the same time.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the rest of the  
acts of Joram, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the     
chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>  
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joram slept with his fathers, and was buried with    
his fathers in the city of David: and Ahaziah his son reigned in his stead.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>In the twelfth  
year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel did Ahaziah the son of Jehoram     
king of Judah begin to reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>  
26</H4></TD><TD><P>Two and twenty years old was Ahaziah when he began to reign; 
and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Athaliah, the   
daughter of Omri king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27>   
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And he walked in the way of the house of Ahab, and did   
evil in the sight of YHVH, as did the house of Ahab: for he was the son in law  
of the house of Ahab.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he went with Joram the son of Ahab to the war against Hazael    
king of Syria in Ramothgilead; and the Syrians wounded Joram.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Joram went back to   
be healed in Jezreel of the wounds which the Syrians had given him at Ramah,    
when he fought against Hazael king of Syria. And Ahaziah the son of Jehoram     
king of Judah went down to see Joram the son of Ahab in Jezreel, because he was 
sick.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C009.htm'>2nd Kings 9</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
