<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 7 - Sacred    
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C006.htm'>Deuteronomy 6</A></P><CENTER>   
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>When YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall bring   
thee into the land whither thou goest to possess it, and hath cast out many     
nations before thee, the Hittites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and   
the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven   
nations greater and mightier than thou;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And when YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall deliver them      
before thee; thou shalt smite them, and utterly destroy them; thou shalt make   
no covenant with them, nor show mercy unto them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shalt thou make marriages   
with them; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son, nor his daughter      
shalt thou take unto thy son.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>For they will turn away thy son from following me, that they  
may serve other gods: so will the anger of YHVH be kindled against you, and     
destroy thee suddenly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>But thus shall ye deal with them; ye shall destroy their altars,    
and break down their images, and cut down their groves, and burn their graven   
images with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>For thou art an holy people unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM: YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath     
chosen thee to be a special people unto himself, above all people that are upon 
the face of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>YHVH did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were 
more in number than any people; for ye were the fewest of all people:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But because YHVH loved 
you, and because he would keep the oath which he had sworn unto your fathers,   
hath YHVH brought you out with a mighty hand, and redeemed you out of the house 
of bondmen, from the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Know therefore that YHVH thy        
ELOHIYM, he is ELOHIYM, the faithful EL, which keepeth covenant and mercy with  
them that love him and keep his commandments to a thousand generations;</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And repayeth them    
that hate him to their face, to destroy them: he will not be slack to him that  
hateth him, he will repay him to his face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt therefore keep the commandments, and 
the statutes, and the judgments, which I command thee this day, to do them.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore it    
shall come to pass, if ye hearken to these judgments, and keep, and do them,    
that YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall keep unto thee the covenant and the mercy which he  
sware unto thy fathers:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And he will love thee, and bless thee, and multiply thee: he will   
also bless the fruit of thy womb, and the fruit of thy land, thy corn, and thy  
wine, and thine oil, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep, in  
the land which he sware unto thy fathers to give thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt be blessed above all   
people: there shall not be male or female barren among you, or among your       
cattle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
YHVH will take away from thee all sickness, and will put none of the evil       
diseases of Egypt, which thou knowest, upon thee; but will lay them upon all    
them that hate thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt consume all the people which YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall  
deliver thee; thine eye shall have no pity upon them: neither shalt thou serve  
their gods; for that will be a snare unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>If thou shalt say in thine heart, These      
nations are more than I; how can I dispossess them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not be afraid of them: 
but shalt well remember what YHVH thy ELOHIYM did unto Pharaoh, and unto all    
Egypt;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>The   
great temptations which thine eyes saw, and the signs, and the wonders, and the 
mighty hand, and the stretched out arm, whereby YHVH thy ELOHIYM brought thee   
out: so shall YHVH thy ELOHIYM do unto all the people of whom thou art          
afraid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Moreover YHVH thy ELOHIYM will send the hornet among them, until they that are  
left, and hide themselves from thee, be destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not be affrighted at   
them: for YHVH thy ELOHIYM is among you, a mighty EL and terrible.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH thy ELOHIYM will 
put out those nations before thee by little and little: thou mayest not consume 
them at once, lest the beasts of the field increase upon thee.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall    
deliver them unto thee, and shall destroy them with a mighty destruction, until 
they be destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he shall deliver their kings into thine hand, and thou shalt destroy 
their name from under heaven: there shall no man be able to stand before thee,  
until thou have destroyed them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>
25</H4></TD><TD><P>The graven images of their gods shall ye burn with fire:     
thou shalt not desire the silver or gold that is on them, nor take it unto      
thee, lest thou be snared therein: for it is an abomination to YHVH thy         
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Neither shalt thou bring an abomination into thine house, lest thou be a cursed 
thing like it: but thou shalt utterly detest it, and thou shalt utterly abhor   
it; for it is a cursed thing.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is         
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C008.htm'>Deuteronomy 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
