<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 53 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C052.htm'>Isaiah 52</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 53</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Who hath believed our report? and to whom is the arm of YHVH  
revealed?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For  
he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry       
ground: he hath no form nor comeliness; and when we shall see him, there is no  
beauty that we should desire him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>   
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>He is despised and rejected of men; a man of sorrows, and 
acquainted with grief: and we hid as it were our faces from him; he was         
despised, and we esteemed him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>  
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows: 
yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of ELOHIYM, and afflicted.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But he was wounded for our  
transgressions, he was bruised for our iniquities: the chastisement of our      
peace was upon him; and with his stripes we are healed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>All we like sheep have gone astray; 
we have turned every one to his own way; and YHVH hath laid on him the iniquity 
of us all.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>He  
was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth: he is brought 
as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a sheep before her shearers is dumb, so he   
openeth not his mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>He was taken from prison and from judgment: and who shall declare   
his generation? for he was cut off out of the land of the living: for the       
transgression of my people was he stricken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he made his grave with the wicked, and with   
the rich in his death; because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit  
in his mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Yet it pleased YHVH to bruise him; he hath put him to grief: when thou shalt 
make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his  
days, and the pleasure of YHVH shall prosper in his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall see of the travail of    
his soul, and shall be satisfied: by his knowledge shall my righteous servant   
justify many; for he shall bear their iniquities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore will I divide him a     
portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong; because  
he hath poured out his soul unto death: and he was numbered with the            
transgressors; and he bare the sin of many, and made intercession for the       
transgressors.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C054.htm'>Isaiah 54</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
