<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 29 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C028.htm'>Isaiah 28</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to Ariel, to Ariel, the city where David dwelt! add ye    
year to year; let them kill sacrifices.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet I will distress Ariel, and there shall be     
heaviness and sorrow: and it shall be unto me as Ariel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will camp against thee round  
about, and will lay siege against thee with a mount, and I will raise forts     
against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And thou shalt be brought down, and shalt speak out of the ground, and thy      
speech shall be low out of the dust, and thy voice shall be, as of one that     
hath a familiar spirit, out of the ground, and thy speech shall whisper out of  
the dust.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Moreover the multitude of thy strangers shall be like small dust, and the       
multitude of the terrible ones shall be as chaff that passeth away: yea, it     
shall be at an instant suddenly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt be visited of YHVH of hosts with thunder, and with 
earthquake, and great noise, with storm and tempest, and the flame of devouring 
fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
multitude of all the nations that fight against Ariel, even all that fight      
against her and her munition, and that distress her, shall be as a dream of a   
night vision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
It shall even be as when an hungry man dreameth, and, behold, he eateth; but he 
awaketh, and his soul is empty: or as when a thirsty man dreameth, and, behold, 
he drinketh; but he awaketh, and, behold, he is faint, and his soul hath        
appetite: so shall the multitude of all the nations be, that fight against      
mount Zion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Stay yourselves, and wonder; cry ye out, and cry: they are drunken, but not     
with wine; they stagger, but not with strong drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH hath poured out upon you 
the spirit of deep sleep, and hath closed your eyes: the prophets and your      
rulers, the seers hath he covered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11> 
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the vision of all is become unto you as the words of 
a book that is sealed, which men deliver to one that is learned, saying, Read   
this, I pray thee: and he saith, I cannot; for it is sealed:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the book is delivered to  
him that is not learned, saying, Read this, I pray thee: and he saith, I am not 
learned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Wherefore the ADONAY said, Forasmuch as this people draw near me with their     
mouth, and with their lips do honour me, but have removed their heart far from  
me, and their fear toward me is taught by the precept of men:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, I will     
proceed to do a marvellous work among this people, even a marvellous work and a 
wonder: for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish, and the understanding of 
their prudent men shall be hid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>
15</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto them that seek deep to hide their counsel from      
YHVH, and their works are in the dark, and they say, Who seeth us? and who      
knoweth us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter's     
clay: for shall the work say of him that made it, He made me not? or shall the  
thing framed say of him that framed it, He had no understanding?</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Is it not yet a very      
little while, and Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field, and the        
fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And in that day shall the deaf hear the      
words of the book, and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity, and    
out of darkness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>The meek also shall increase their joy in YHVH, and the poor among men   
shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For the terrible one is brought to nought, and  
the scorner is consumed, and all that watch for iniquity are cut off:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>That make a man an   
offender for a word, and lay a snare for him that reproveth in the gate, and    
turn aside the just for a thing of nought.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH, who redeemed         
Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob, Jacob shall not now be ashamed, neither 
shall his face now wax pale.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>   
23</H4></TD><TD><P>But when he seeth his children, the work of mine hands, in   
the midst of him, they shall sanctify my name, and sanctify the Holy One of     
Jacob, and shall fear the ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>They also that erred in spirit shall come to    
understanding, and they that murmured shall learn doctrine.</P></TD></TR>       
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C030.htm'>Isaiah 30</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
