<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C010.htm'>Judges 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now Jephthah the Gileadite was a mighty man of valor, and he was the son of an  
harlot: and Gilead begat Jephthah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>  
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gilead's wife bare him sons; and his wife's sons grew 
up, and they thrust out Jephthah, and said unto him, Thou shalt not inherit in  
our father's house; for thou art the son of a strange woman.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jephthah fled from his     
brethren, and dwelt in the land of Tob: and there were gathered vain men to     
Jephthah, and went out with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in process of time, that the children of  
Ammon made war against Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so, that when the children of Ammon made war       
against Israel, the elders of Gilead went to fetch Jephthah out of the land of  
Tob:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they  
said unto Jephthah, Come, and be our captain, that we may fight with the        
children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead, Did not ye hate me, and     
expel me out of my father's house? and why are ye come unto me now when ye are  
in distress?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, Therefore we turn again to thee    
now, that thou mayest go with us, and fight against the children of Ammon, and  
be our head over all the inhabitants of Gilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jephthah said unto the elders of Gilead,   
If ye bring me home again to fight against the children of Ammon, and YHVH      
deliver them before me, shall I be your head?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the elders of Gilead said unto Jephthah, 
YHVH be witness between us, if we do not so according to thy words.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jephthah went   
with the elders of Gilead, and the people made him head and captain over them:  
and Jephthah uttered all his words before YHVH in Mizpeh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jephthah sent messengers unto 
the king of the children of Ammon, saying, What hast thou to do with me, that   
thou art come against me to fight in my land?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of the children of Ammon        
answered unto the messengers of Jephthah, Because Israel took away my land,     
when they came up out of Egypt, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and unto Jordan:   
now therefore restore those lands again peaceably.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jephthah sent messengers      
again unto the king of the children of Ammon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto him, Thus saith Jephthah,      
Israel took not away the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of          
Ammon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
when Israel came up from Egypt, and walked through the wilderness unto the Red  
sea, and came to Kadesh;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then Israel sent messengers unto the king of Edom, saying, Let me,  
I pray thee, pass through thy land: but the king of Edom would not hearken      
thereto. And in like manner they sent unto the king of Moab: but he would not   
consent: and Israel abode in Kadesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they went along through the wilderness,    
and compassed the land of Edom, and the land of Moab, and came by the east side 
of the land of Moab, and pitched on the other side of Arnon, but came not       
within the border of Moab: for Arnon was the border of Moab.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel sent messengers    
unto Sihon king of the Amorites, the king of Heshbon; and Israel said unto him, 
Let us pass, we pray thee, through thy land into my place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Sihon trusted not Israel to   
pass through his coast: but Sihon gathered all his people together, and pitched 
in Jahaz, and fought against Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel delivered Sihon and  
all his people into the hand of Israel, and they smote them: so Israel          
possessed all the land of the Amorites, the inhabitants of that country.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And they        
possessed all the coasts of the Amorites, from Arnon even unto Jabbok, and from 
the wilderness even unto Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23>   
<H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So now YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel hath dispossessed the      
Amorites from before his people Israel, and shouldest thou possess it?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Wilt not thou        
possess that which Chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess? So whomsoever YHVH   
our ELOHIYM shall drive out from before us, them will we possess.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And now art thou any      
thing better than Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab? did he ever strive     
against Israel, or did he ever fight against them,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>While Israel dwelt in Heshbon and 
her towns, and in Aroer and her towns, and in all the cities that be along by   
the coasts of Arnon, three hundred years? why therefore did ye not recover them 
within that time?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Wherefore I have not sinned against thee, but thou doest me wrong to war 
against me: YHVH the Judge be judge this day between the children of Israel and 
the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Howbeit the king of the children of Ammon hearkened not unto the    
words of Jephthah which he sent him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the Spirit of YHVH came upon Jephthah, and 
he passed over Gilead, and Manasseh, and passed over Mizpeh of Gilead, and from 
Mizpeh of Gilead he passed over unto the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jephthah vowed a vow unto 
YHVH, and said, If thou shalt without fail deliver the children of Ammon into   
mine hands,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then it shall be, that whatsoever cometh forth of the doors of my house to meet 
me, when I return in peace from the children of Ammon, shall surely be YHVH's,  
and I will offer it up for a burnt offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>So Jephthah passed over unto the children of    
Ammon to fight against them; and YHVH delivered them into his hands.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And he smote them    
from Aroer, even till thou come to Minnith, even twenty cities, and unto the    
plain of the vineyards, with a very great slaughter. Thus the children of Ammon 
were subdued before the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jephthah came to Mizpeh unto his house,     
and, behold, his daughter came out to meet him with timbrels and with dances:   
and she was his only child; beside her he had neither son nor daughter.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, 
when he saw her, that he rent his clothes, and said, Alas, my daughter! thou    
hast brought me very low, and thou art one of them that trouble me: for I have  
opened my mouth unto YHVH, and I cannot go back.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto him, My father, 
if thou hast opened thy mouth unto YHVH, do to me according to that which hath  
proceeded out of thy mouth; forasmuch as YHVH hath taken vengeance for thee of  
thine enemies, even of the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto her father, Let this thing 
be done for me: let me alone two months, that I may go up and down upon the     
mountains, and bewail my virginity, I and my fellows.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Go. And he sent her  
away for two months: and she went with her companions, and bewailed her         
virginity upon the mountains.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>  
39</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she       
returned unto her father, who did with her according to his vow which he had    
vowed: and she knew no man. And it was a custom in Israel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>That the daughters of Israel went 
yearly to lament the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite four days in a year.</P>
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C012.htm'>Judges 12</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
