<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Micah, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B33C003.htm'>Micah 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Micah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But in the last days it shall come to pass, that the mountain of the     
house of YHVH shall be established in the top of the mountains, and it shall be 
exalted above the hills; and people shall flow unto it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And many nations shall come, and    
say, Come, and let us go up to the mountain of YHVH, and to the house of the    
ELOHIYM of Jacob; and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his     
paths: for the law shall go forth of Zion, and the word of YHVH from            
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he shall judge among many people, and rebuke strong nations afar off; and they  
shall beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears into pruninghooks:    
nation shall not lift up a sword against nation, neither shall they learn war   
any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
they shall sit every man under his vine and under his fig tree; and none shall  
make them afraid: for the mouth of YHVH of hosts hath spoken it.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For all people will walk    
every one in the name of his god, and we will walk in the name of YHVH our      
ELOHIYM for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>
</TD><TD><P>In that day, saith YHVH, will I assemble her that halteth, and I    
will gather her that is driven out, and her that I have afflicted;</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make her that    
halted a remnant, and her that was cast far off a strong nation: and YHVH shall 
reign over them in mount Zion from henceforth, even for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, O tower of the flock, 
the strong hold of the daughter of Zion, unto thee shall it come, even the      
first dominion; the kingdom shall come to the daughter of Jerusalem.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Now why dost thou cry  
out aloud? is there no king in thee? is thy counsellor perished? for pangs have 
taken thee as a woman in travail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>  
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Be in pain, and labour to bring forth, O daughter of     
Zion, like a woman in travail: for now shalt thou go forth out of the city, and 
thou shalt dwell in the field, and thou shalt go even to Babylon; there shalt   
thou be delivered; there YHVH shall redeem thee from the hand of thine          
enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now 
also many nations are gathered against thee, that say, Let her be defiled, and  
let our eye look upon Zion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>But they know not the thoughts of YHVH, neither understand   
they his counsel: for he shall gather them as the sheaves into the floor.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Arise and       
thresh, O daughter of Zion: for I will make thine horn iron, and I will make    
thy hoofs brass: and thou shalt beat in pieces many people: and I will          
consecrate their gain unto YHVH, and their substance unto the ADOWN of the      
whole earth.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John   
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B33C005.htm'>Micah 5</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
