<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 29 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C028.htm'>2nd Chronicles 28</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Hezekiah began to reign when he 
was five and twenty years old, and he reigned nine and twenty years in          
Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Abijah, the daughter of Zechariah.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which  
was right in the sight of YHVH, according to all that David his father had      
done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>He in    
the first year of his reign, in the first month, opened the doors of the house  
of YHVH, and repaired them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>     
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought in the priests and the Levites, and gathered   
them together into the east street,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto them, Hear me, ye Levites, sanctify now     
yourselves, and sanctify the house of YHVH ELOHIYM of your fathers, and carry   
forth the filthiness out of the holy place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For our fathers have trespassed, and done that    
which was evil in the eyes of YHVH our ELOHIYM, and have forsaken him, and have 
turned away their faces from the habitation of YHVH, and turned their backs.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Also they have    
shut up the doors of the porch, and put out the lamps, and have not burned      
incense nor offered burnt offerings in the holy place unto the ELOHIYM of       
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Wherefore the wrath of YHVH was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered 
them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For, lo, our      
fathers have fallen by the sword, and our sons and our daughters and our wives  
are in captivity for this.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>     
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it is in mine heart to make a covenant with YHVH ELOHIYM 
of Israel, that his fierce wrath may turn away from us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>My sons, be not now negligent:    
for YHVH hath chosen you to stand before him, to serve him, and that ye should  
minister unto him, and burn incense.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the Levites arose, Mahath the son of       
Amasai, and Joel the son of Azariah, of the sons of the Kohathites: and of the  
sons of Merari, Kish the son of Abdi, and Azariah the son of Jehalelel: and of  
the Gershonites; Joah the son of Zimmah, and Eden the son of Joah:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And of the sons of        
Elizaphan; Shimri, and Jeiel: and of the sons of Asaph; Zechariah, and          
Mattaniah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And of the sons of Heman; Jehiel, and Shimei: and of the sons of Jeduthun;      
Shemaiah, and Uzziel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And they gathered their brethren, and sanctified themselves, and    
came, according to the commandment of the king, by the words of YHVH, to        
cleanse the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>     
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priests went into the inner part of the house of     
YHVH, to cleanse it, and brought out all the uncleanness that they found in the 
temple of YHVH into the court of the house of YHVH. And the Levites took it, to 
carry it out abroad into the brook Kidron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Now they began on the first day of the first    
month to sanctify, and on the eighth day of the month came they to the porch of 
YHVH: so they sanctified the house of YHVH in eight days; and in the sixteenth  
day of the first month they made an end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they went in to Hezekiah the king, and     
said, We have cleansed all the house of YHVH, and the altar of burnt offering,  
with all the vessels thereof, and the shewbread table, with all the vessels     
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Moreover all the vessels, which king Ahaz in his reign did cast away in his     
transgression, have we prepared and sanctified, and, behold, they are before    
the altar of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then Hezekiah the king rose early, and gathered the rulers of the city,  
and went up to the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>  
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought seven bullocks, and seven rams, and     
seven lambs, and seven he goats, for a sin offering for the kingdom, and for    
the sanctuary, and for Judah. And he commanded the priests the sons of Aaron to 
offer them on the altar of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22>   
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>So they killed the bullocks, and the priests received    
the blood, and sprinkled it on the altar: likewise, when they had killed the    
rams, they sprinkled the blood upon the altar: they killed also the lambs, and  
they sprinkled the blood upon the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought forth the he goats for the sin 
offering before the king and the congregation; and they laid their hands upon   
them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the priests killed them, and they made reconciliation with their blood upon the 
altar, to make an atonement for all Israel: for the king commanded that the     
burnt offering and the sin offering should be made for all Israel.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set the Levites in 
the house of YHVH with cymbals, with psalteries, and with harps, according to   
the commandment of David, and of Gad the king's seer, and Nathan the prophet:   
for so was the commandment of YHVH by his prophets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites stood with the    
instruments of David, and the priests with the trumpets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah commanded to offer   
the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song  
of YHVH began also with the trumpets, and with the instruments ordained by      
David king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And all the congregation worshipped, and the singers sang, and the  
trumpeters sounded: and all this continued until the burnt offering was         
finished.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And when they had made an end of offering, the king and all that were present   
with him bowed themselves, and worshipped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Hezekiah the king and the princes      
commanded the Levites to sing praise unto YHVH with the words of David, and of  
Asaph the seer. And they sang praises with gladness, and they bowed their heads 
and worshipped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then Hezekiah answered and said, Now ye have consecrated yourselves unto     
YHVH, come near and bring sacrifices and thank offerings into the house of      
YHVH. And the congregation brought in sacrifices and thank offerings; and as    
many as were of a free heart burnt offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the number of the burnt offerings, which 
the congregation brought, was threescore and ten bullocks, an hundred rams, and 
two hundred lambs: all these were for a burnt offering to YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And the consecrated       
things were six hundred oxen and three thousand sheep.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>But the priests were too few, so  
that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the  
Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had 
sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify   
themselves than the priests.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>   
35</H4></TD><TD><P>And also the burnt offerings were in abundance, with the fat 
of the peace offerings, and the drink offerings for every burnt offering. So    
the service of the house of YHVH was set in order.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah rejoiced, and all    
the people, that ELOHIYM had prepared the people: for the thing was done        
suddenly.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C030.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
30</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
