<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 25 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C024.htm'>Deuteronomy 24</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>If there be a controversy       
between men, and they come unto judgment, that the judges may judge them; then  
they shall justify the righteous, and condemn the wicked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, if the wicked man  
be worthy to be beaten, that the judge shall cause him to lie down, and to be   
beaten before his face, according to his fault, by a certain number.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Forty stripes he may   
give him, and not exceed: lest, if he should exceed, and beat him above these   
with many stripes, then thy brother should seem vile unto thee.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not muzzle the   
ox when he treadeth out the corn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>   
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>If brethren dwell together, and one of them die, and have 
no child, the wife of the dead shall not marry without unto a stranger: her     
husband's brother shall go in unto her, and take her to him to wife, and        
perform the duty of an husband's brother unto her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, that the firstborn 
which she beareth shall succeed in the name of his brother which is dead, that  
his name be not put out of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>  
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the man like not to take his brother's wife, then  
let his brother's wife go up to the gate unto the elders, and say, My husband's 
brother refuseth to raise up unto his brother a name in Israel, he will not     
perform the duty of my husband's brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the elders of his city shall call him, and   
speak unto him: and if he stand to it, and say, I like not to take her;</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall his         
brother's wife come unto him in the presence of the elders, and loose his shoe  
from off his foot, and spit in his face, and shall answer and say, So shall it  
be done unto that man that will not build up his brother's house.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And his name shall be     
called in Israel, The house of him that hath his shoe loosed.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>When men strive together one  
with another, and the wife of the one draweth near for to deliver her husband   
out of the hand of him that smiteth him, and putteth forth her hand, and taketh 
him by the secrets:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then thou shalt cut off her hand, thine eye shall not pity her.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not have  
in thy bag divers weights, a great and a small.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not have in thine house divers    
measures, a great and a small.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4> 
15</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou shalt have a perfect and just weight, a perfect and 
just measure shalt thou have: that thy days may be lengthened in the land which 
YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>  
16</H4></TD><TD><P>For all that do such things, and all that do unrighteously,  
are an abomination unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Remember what Amalek did unto thee by the way,  
when ye were come forth out of Egypt;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>How he met thee by the way, and smote the       
hindmost of thee, even all that were feeble behind thee, when thou wast faint   
and weary; and he feared not ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore it shall be, when YHVH thy ELOHIYM    
hath given thee rest from all thine enemies round about, in the land which YHVH 
thy ELOHIYM giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it, that thou shalt blot  
out the remembrance of Amalek from under heaven; thou shalt not forget it.</P>  
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C026.htm'>Deuteronomy 26</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
