<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C013.htm'>2nd Kings 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel reigned       
Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>He was twenty and five years old when he began to 
reign, and reigned twenty and nine years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name    
was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>     
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was right in the sight of YHVH, yet not 
like David his father: he did according to all things as Joash his father       
did.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit   
the high places were not taken away: as yet the people did sacrifice and burnt  
incense on the high places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>     
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as soon as the kingdom was confirmed in  
his hand, that he slew his servants which had slain the king his father.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But the children  
of the murderers he slew not: according unto that which is written in the book  
of the law of Moses, wherein YHVH commanded, saying, The fathers shall not be   
put to death for the children, nor the children be put to death for the         
fathers; but every man shall be put to death for his own sin.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>He slew of Edom in the valley   
of salt ten thousand, and took Selah by war, and called the name of it Joktheel 
unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>
Then Amaziah sent messengers to Jehoash, the son of Jehoahaz son of Jehu, king  
of Israel, saying, Come, let us look one another in the face.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoash the king of Israel  
sent to Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to  
the cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and 
there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the            
thistle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Thou hast indeed smitten Edom, and thine heart hath lifted thee up: glory of    
this, and tarry at home: for why shouldest thou meddle to thy hurt, that thou   
shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But Amaziah would not hear. Therefore        
Jehoash king of Israel went up; and he and Amaziah king of Judah looked one     
another in the face at Bethshemesh, which belongeth to Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Judah was put to the      
worse before Israel; and they fled every man to their tents.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoash king of Israel    
took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Ahaziah, at           
Bethshemesh, and came to Jerusalem, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem from   
the gate of Ephraim unto the corner gate, four hundred cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took all the gold and  
silver, and all the vessels that were found in the house of YHVH, and in the    
treasures of the king's house, and hostages, and returned to Samaria.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the  
acts of Jehoash which he did, and his might, and how he fought with Amaziah     
king of Judah, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings  
of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Jehoash slept with his fathers, and was buried in Samaria with the kings of 
Israel; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amaziah the son of Joash king 
of Judah lived after the death of Jehoash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel        
fifteen years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the rest of the acts of Amaziah, are they not written in the book of the 
chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>  
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Now they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem: and 
he fled to Lachish; but they sent after him to Lachish, and slew him there.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And they        
brought him on horses: and he was buried at Jerusalem with his fathers in the   
city of David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And all the people of Judah took Azariah, which was sixteen years old, and   
made him king instead of his father Amaziah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>He built Elath, and restored it to Judah, after 
that the king slept with his fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>In the fifteenth year of Amaziah the son of     
Joash king of Judah Jeroboam the son of Joash king of Israel began to reign in  
Samaria, and reigned forty and one years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in the sight of  
YHVH: he departed not from all the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made  
Israel to sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>He restored the coast of Israel from the entering of Hamath unto the sea of  
the plain, according to the word of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, which he spake by   
the hand of his servant Jonah, the son of Amittai, the prophet, which was of    
Gathhepher.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P> 
For YHVH saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was   
not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said not that he would   
blot out the name of Israel from under heaven: but he saved them by the hand of 
Jeroboam the son of Joash.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>     
28</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did,   
and his might, how he warred, and how he recovered Damascus, and Hamath, which  
belonged to Judah, for Israel, are they not written in the book of the          
chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29> 
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jeroboam slept with his fathers, even with the kings 
of Israel; and Zachariah his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B12C015.htm'>2nd Kings 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
