<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 34 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C033.htm'>Jeremiah 33</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 34</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word which came unto        
Jeremiah from YHVH, when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and all his army, and  
all the kingdoms of the earth of his dominion, and all the people, fought       
against Jerusalem, and against all the cities thereof, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of 
Israel; Go and speak to Zedekiah king of Judah, and tell him, Thus saith YHVH;  
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he      
shall burn it with fire:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt not escape out of his hand, but shalt surely be      
taken, and delivered into his hand; and thine eyes shall behold the eyes of the 
king of Babylon, and he shall speak with thee mouth to mouth, and thou shalt go 
to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Yet hear the word of YHVH, O Zedekiah king of Judah; Thus saith YHVH of thee,   
Thou shalt not die by the sword:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>
5</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou shalt die in peace: and with the burnings of thy     
fathers, the former kings which were before thee, so shall they burn odours for 
thee; and they will lament thee, saying, Ah lord! for I have pronounced the     
word, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then Jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto Zedekiah king of Judah  
in Jerusalem,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
When the king of Babylon's army fought against Jerusalem, and against all the   
cities of Judah that were left, against Lachish, and against Azekah: for these  
defenced cities remained of the cities of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the word that came unto     
Jeremiah from YHVH, after that the king Zedekiah had made a covenant with all   
the people which were at Jerusalem, to proclaim liberty unto them;</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>That every man should let   
his manservant, and every man his maidservant, being an Hebrew or an Hebrewess, 
go free; that none should serve himself of them, to wit, of a Jew his           
brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now 
when all the princes, and all the people, which had entered into the covenant,  
heard that every one should let his manservant, and every one his maidservant,  
go free, that none should serve themselves of them any more, then they obeyed,  
and let them go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But afterward they turned, and caused the servants and the handmaids,    
whom they had let go free, to return, and brought them into subjection for      
servants and for handmaids.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the word of YHVH came to Jeremiah from YHVH,       
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus 
saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel; I made a covenant with your fathers in the   
day that I brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of     
bondmen, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>At the end of seven years let ye go every man his brother an Hebrew,     
which hath been sold unto thee; and when he hath served thee six years, thou    
shalt let him go free from thee: but your fathers hearkened not unto me,        
neither inclined their ear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>    
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye were now turned, and had done right in my sight, in   
proclaiming liberty every man to his neighbour; and ye had made a covenant      
before me in the house which is called by my name:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But ye turned and polluted my     
name, and caused every man his servant, and every man his handmaid, whom he had 
set at liberty at their pleasure, to return, and brought them into subjection,  
to be unto you for servants and for handmaids.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH; Ye have not       
hearkened unto me, in proclaiming liberty, every one to his brother, and every  
man to his neighbour: behold, I proclaim a liberty for you, saith YHVH, to the  
sword, to the pestilence, and to the famine; and I will make you to be removed  
into all the kingdoms of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will give the men that have transgressed my        
covenant, which have not performed the words of the covenant which they had     
made before me, when they cut the calf in twain, and passed between the parts   
thereof,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>The 
princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, the eunuchs, and the priests,   
and all the people of the land, which passed between the parts of the calf;</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>I will even     
give them into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek   
their life: and their dead bodies shall be for meat unto the fowls of the       
heaven, and to the beasts of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zedekiah king of Judah and his princes will 
I give into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of them that seek      
their life, and into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which are gone up  
from you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Behold, I will command, saith YHVH, and cause them to return to this city; and  
they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will     
make the cities of Judah a desolation without an inhabitant.</P></TD></TR>      
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C035.htm'>Jeremiah 35</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
