<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C002.htm'>Numbers 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>These also are the generations of Aaron and Moses 
in the day that YHVH spake with Moses in mount Sinai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are the names of the sons 
of Aaron; Nadab the firstborn, and Abihu, Eleazar, and Ithamar.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the names of the  
sons of Aaron, the priests which were anointed, whom he consecrated to minister 
in the priest's office.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Nadab and Abihu died before YHVH, when they offered strange     
fire before YHVH, in the wilderness of Sinai, and they had no children: and     
Eleazar and Ithamar ministered in the priest's office in the sight of Aaron     
their father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Bring the tribe of Levi near, and present them before     
Aaron the priest, that they may minister unto him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall keep his charge, and 
the charge of the whole congregation before the tabernacle of the congregation, 
to do the service of the tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall keep all the instruments of the tabernacle 
of the congregation, and the charge of the children of Israel, to do the        
service of the tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt give the Levites unto Aaron and to his sons: they    
are wholly given unto him out of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt appoint Aaron and  
his sons, and they shall wait on their priest's office: and the stranger that   
cometh nigh shall be put to death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11> 
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I, behold, I have taken the   
Levites from among the children of Israel instead of all the firstborn that     
openeth the matrix among the children of Israel: therefore the Levites shall be 
mine;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Because all the firstborn are mine; for on the day that I smote all the         
firstborn in the land of Egypt I hallowed unto me all the firstborn in Israel,  
both man and beast: mine shall they be: I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses in the  
wilderness of Sinai, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>   
15</H4></TD><TD><P>Number the children of Levi after the house of their         
fathers, by their families: every male from a month old and upward shalt thou   
number them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Moses numbered them according to the word of YHVH, as he was commanded.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And these were  
the sons of Levi by their names; Gershon, and Kohath, and Merari.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are the names   
of the sons of Gershon by their families; Libni, and Shimei.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sons of Kohath by     
their families; Amram, and Izehar, Hebron, and Uzziel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sons of Merari by their   
families; Mahli, and Mushi. These are the families of the Levites according to  
the house of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>    
21</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Gershon was the family of the Libnites, and the family of 
the Shimites: these are the families of the Gershonites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, 
according to the number of all the males, from a month old and upward, even     
those that were numbered of them were seven thousand and five hundred.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>The families of the  
Gershonites shall pitch behind the tabernacle westward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the chief of the house of the 
father of the Gershonites shall be Eliasaph the son of Lael.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the charge of the sons of 
Gershon in the tabernacle of the congregation shall be the tabernacle, and the  
tent, the covering thereof, and the hanging for the door of the tabernacle of   
the congregation,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the hangings of the court, and the curtain for the door of the       
court, which is by the tabernacle, and by the altar round about, and the cords  
of it for all the service thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27> 
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Kohath was the family of the Amramites, and the   
family of the Izeharites, and the family of the Hebronites, and the family of   
the Uzzielites: these are the families of the Kohathites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>In the number of all the males,   
from a month old and upward, were eight thousand and six hundred, keeping the   
charge of the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4>
</TD><TD><P>The families of the sons of Kohath shall pitch on the side of the   
tabernacle southward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the chief of the house of the father of the families of the     
Kohathites shall be Elizaphan the son of Uzziel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And their charge shall be the     
ark, and the table, and the candlestick, and the altars, and the vessels of the 
sanctuary wherewith they minister, and the hanging, and all the service         
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest shall be chief over the chief of the        
Levites, and have the oversight of them that keep the charge of the             
sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Of Merari was the family of the Mahlites, and the family of the Mushites: these 
are the families of Merari.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>    
34</H4></TD><TD><P>And those that were numbered of them, according to the       
number of all the males, from a month old and upward, were six thousand and two 
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the chief of the house of the father of the families of Merari was Zuriel the   
son of Abihail: these shall pitch on the side of the tabernacle northward.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And under the   
custody and charge of the sons of Merari shall be the boards of the tabernacle, 
and the bars thereof, and the pillars thereof, and the sockets thereof, and all 
the vessels thereof, and all that serveth thereto,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And the pillars of the court      
round about, and their sockets, and their pins, and their cords.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>But those that encamp     
before the tabernacle toward the east, even before the tabernacle of the        
congregation eastward, shall be Moses, and Aaron and his sons, keeping the      
charge of the sanctuary for the charge of the children of Israel; and the       
stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>All that were numbered of the     
Levites, which Moses and Aaron numbered at the commandment of YHVH, throughout  
their families, all the males from a month old and upward, were twenty and two  
thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And YHVH said unto Moses, Number all the firstborn of the males of the children 
of Israel from a month old and upward, and take the number of their names.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt  
take the Levites for me (I am YHVH) instead of all the firstborn among the      
children of Israel; and the cattle of the Levites instead of all the firstlings 
among the cattle of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses numbered, as YHVH commanded him, all  
the firstborn among the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the firstborn males by the number of    
names, from a month old and upward, of those that were numbered of them, were   
twenty and two thousand two hundred and threescore and thirteen.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto       
Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Take the Levites instead of all the firstborn among the children of Israel,  
and the cattle of the Levites instead of their cattle; and the Levites shall be 
mine: I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And for those that are to be redeemed of the two hundred and threescore  
and thirteen of the firstborn of the children of Israel, which are more than    
the Levites;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>
Thou shalt even take five shekels apiece by the poll, after the shekel of the   
sanctuary shalt thou take them: (the shekel is twenty gerahs:)</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt give the       
money, wherewith the odd number of them is to be redeemed, unto Aaron and to    
his sons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Moses took the redemption money of them that were over and above them that  
were redeemed by the Levites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>  
50</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the firstborn of the children of Israel took he the       
money; a thousand three hundred and threescore and five shekels, after the      
shekel of the sanctuary:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Moses gave the money of them that were redeemed unto Aaron and  
to his sons, according to the word of YHVH, as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD>   
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C004.htm'>Numbers 4</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
