<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C002.htm'>2nd Chronicles 2</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Solomon began to build the     
house of YHVH at Jerusalem in mount Moriah, where appeared unto David his       
father, in the place that David had prepared in the threshingfloor of Ornan the 
Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he began to build in the second day of the second month, in the fourth year of  
his reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Now 
these are the things wherein Solomon was instructed for the building of the     
house of ELOHIYM. The length by cubits after the first measure was threescore   
cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the porch that was in the front of the house, 
the length of it was according to the breadth of the house, twenty cubits, and  
the height was an hundred and twenty: and he overlaid it within with pure       
gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
greater house he cieled with fir tree, which he overlaid with fine gold, and    
set thereon palm trees and chains.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he garnished the house with precious stones for       
beauty: and the gold was gold of Parvaim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>He overlaid also the house, the beams, the posts, 
and the walls thereof, and the doors thereof, with gold; and graved cherubim on 
the walls.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he made the most holy house, the length whereof was according to the breadth of 
the house, twenty cubits, and the breadth thereof twenty cubits: and he         
overlaid it with fine gold, amounting to six hundred talents.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the weight of the nails was 
fifty shekels of gold. And he overlaid the upper chambers with gold.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the most holy 
house he made two cherubim of image work, and overlaid them with gold.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the wings of the 
cherubim were twenty cubits long: one wing of the one cherub was five cubits,   
reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was likewise five cubits, 
reaching to the wing of the other cherub.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And one wing of the other cherub was five       
cubits, reaching to the wall of the house: and the other wing was five cubits   
also, joining to the wing of the other cherub.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The wings of these cherubim spread           
themselves forth twenty cubits: and they stood on their feet, and their faces   
were inward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>
And he made the vail of blue, and purple, and crimson, and fine linen, and      
wrought cherubim thereon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>      
15</H4></TD><TD><P>Also he made before the house two pillars of thirty and five 
cubits high, and the chapiter that was on the top of each of them was five      
cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he made chains, as in the oracle, and put them on the heads of the pillars; and 
made an hundred pomegranates, and put them on the chains.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he reared up the pillars      
before the temple, one on the right hand, and the other on the left; and called 
the name of that on the right hand Jachin, and the name of that on the left     
Boaz.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C004.htm'>2nd Chronicles 4</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
