<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 49 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C048.htm'>Jeremiah 48</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 49</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Concerning the Ammonites, thus  
saith YHVH; Hath Israel no sons? hath he no heir? why then doth their king      
inherit Gad, and his people dwell in his cities?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, the days come,   
saith YHVH, that I will cause an alarm of war to be heard in Rabbah of the      
Ammonites; and it shall be a desolate heap, and her daughters shall be burned   
with fire: then shall Israel be heir unto them that were his heirs, saith       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Howl, O  
Heshbon, for Ai is spoiled: cry, ye daughters of Rabbah, gird you with          
sackcloth; lament, and run to and fro by the hedges; for their king shall go    
into captivity, and his priests and his princes together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore gloriest thou in the      
valleys, thy flowing valley, O backsliding daughter? that trusted in her        
treasures, saying, Who shall come unto me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will bring a fear upon thee, saith the  
ADONAY YHVH of hosts, from all those that be about thee; and ye shall be driven 
out every man right forth; and none shall gather up him that wandereth.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And afterward I will   
bring again the captivity of the children of Ammon, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Concerning Edom, thus saith 
YHVH of hosts; Is wisdom no more in Teman? is counsel perished from the         
prudent? is their wisdom vanished?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Flee ye, turn back, dwell deep, O inhabitants of Dedan;   
for I will bring the calamity of Esau upon him, the time that I will visit      
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>If        
grapegatherers come to thee, would they not leave some gleaning grapes? if      
thieves by night, they will destroy till they have enough.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But I have made Esau bare, I have 
uncovered his secret places, and he shall not be able to hide himself: his seed 
is spoiled, and his brethren, and his neighbours, and he is not.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Leave thy fatherless      
children, I will preserve them alive; and let thy widows trust in me.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH; 
Behold, they whose judgment was not to drink of the cup have assuredly drunken; 
and art thou he that shall altogether go unpunished? thou shalt not go          
unpunished, but thou shalt surely drink of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For I have sworn by myself, saith YHVH, that 
Bozrah shall become a desolation, a reproach, a waste, and a curse; and all the 
cities thereof shall be perpetual wastes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>I have heard a rumour from YHVH, and an         
ambassador is sent unto the heathen, saying, Gather ye together, and come       
against her, and rise up to the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>For, lo, I will make thee small among the       
heathen, and despised among men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>   
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy terribleness hath deceived thee, and the pride of    
thine heart, O thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, that holdest the   
height of the hill: though thou shouldest make thy nest as high as the eagle, I 
will bring thee down from thence, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Also Edom shall be a desolation: every one   
that goeth by it shall be astonished, and shall hiss at all the plagues         
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>As  
in the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighbour cities thereof, saith  
YHVH, no man shall abide there, neither shall a son of man dwell in it.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, he shall     
come up like a lion from the swelling of Jordan against the habitation of the   
strong: but I will suddenly make him run away from her: and who is a chosen     
man, that I may appoint over her? for who is like me? and who will appoint me   
the time? and who is that shepherd that will stand before me?</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore hear the counsel of 
YHVH, that he hath taken against Edom; and his purposes, that he hath purposed  
against the inhabitants of Teman: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them 
out: surely he shall make their habitations desolate with them.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>The earth is moved at the 
noise of their fall, at the cry the noise thereof was heard in the Red sea.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, he      
shall come up and fly as the eagle, and spread his wings over Bozrah: and at    
that day shall the heart of the mighty men of Edom be as the heart of a woman   
in her pangs.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Concerning Damascus. Hamath is confounded, and Arpad: for they have heard    
evil tidings: they are fainthearted; there is sorrow on the sea; it cannot be   
quiet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Damascus is waxed feeble, and turneth herself to flee, and fear hath seized on  
her: anguish and sorrows have taken her, as a woman in travail.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>How is the city of praise 
not left, the city of my joy!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>  
26</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore her young men shall fall in her streets, and all   
the men of war shall be cut off in that day, saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will kindle a fire  
in the wall of Damascus, and it shall consume the palaces of Benhadad.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Concerning Kedar,    
and concerning the kingdoms of Hazor, which Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon      
shall smite, thus saith YHVH; Arise ye, go up to Kedar, and spoil the men of    
the east.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Their tents and their flocks shall they take away: they shall take to           
themselves their curtains, and all their vessels, and their camels; and they    
shall cry unto them, Fear is on every side.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Flee, get you far off, dwell deep, O ye         
inhabitants of Hazor, saith YHVH; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath taken 
counsel against you, and hath conceived a purpose against you.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Arise, get you up unto the    
wealthy nation, that dwelleth without care, saith YHVH, which have neither      
gates nor bars, which dwell alone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32> 
<H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And their camels shall be a booty, and the multitude of  
their cattle a spoil: and I will scatter into all winds them that are in the    
utmost corners; and I will bring their calamity from all sides thereof, saith   
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Hazor shall be a dwelling for dragons, and a desolation for ever: there shall   
no man abide there, nor any son of man dwell in it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH that came to     
Jeremiah the prophet against Elam in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah     
king of Judah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Behold, I will break the bow of Elam, the 
chief of their might.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And upon Elam will I bring the four winds from the four quarters of 
heaven, and will scatter them toward all those winds; and there shall be no     
nation whither the outcasts of Elam shall not come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will cause Elam to be       
dismayed before their enemies, and before them that seek their life: and I will 
bring evil upon them, even my fierce anger, saith YHVH; and I will send the     
sword after them, till I have consumed them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set my throne in Elam, and will      
destroy from thence the king and the princes, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>But it shall come to pass in the  
latter days, that I will bring again the captivity of Elam, saith YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C050.htm'>Jeremiah 50</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
