<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 48 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C047.htm'>Ezekiel 47</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 48</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now these are the names of the tribes. From the north end to  
the coast of the way of Hethlon, as one goeth to Hamath, Hazarenan, the border  
of Damascus northward, to the coast of Hamath; for these are his sides east and 
west; a portion for Dan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And by the border of Dan, from the east side unto the west side, a  
portion for Asher.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And by the border of Asher, from the east side even unto the west side,  
a portion for Naphtali.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And by the border of Naphtali, from the east side unto the west     
side, a portion for Manasseh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>   
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Manasseh, from the east side unto the    
west side, a portion for Ephraim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Ephraim, from the east side even     
unto the west side, a portion for Reuben.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Reuben, from the east side   
unto the west side, a portion for Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Judah, from the east side    
unto the west side, shall be the offering which ye shall offer of five and      
twenty thousand reeds in breadth, and in length as one of the other parts, from 
the east side unto the west side: and the sanctuary shall be in the midst of    
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>The        
oblation that ye shall offer unto YHVH shall be of five and twenty thousand in  
length, and of ten thousand in breadth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And for them, even for the priests, shall be    
this holy oblation; toward the north five and twenty thousand in length, and    
toward the west ten thousand in breadth, and toward the east ten thousand in    
breadth, and toward the south five and twenty thousand in length: and the       
sanctuary of YHVH shall be in the midst thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall be for the priests that  
are sanctified of the sons of Zadok; which have kept my charge, which went not  
astray when the children of Israel went astray, as the Levites went astray.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And this        
oblation of the land that is offered shall be unto them a thing most holy by    
the border of the Levites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>     
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And over against the border of the priests the Levites shall 
have five and twenty thousand in length, and ten thousand in breadth: all the   
length shall be five and twenty thousand, and the breadth ten thousand.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall not   
sell of it, neither exchange, nor alienate the firstfruits of the land: for it  
is holy unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the five thousand, that are left in the breadth over against the     
five and twenty thousand, shall be a profane place for the city, for dwelling,  
and for suburbs: and the city shall be in the midst thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And these shall be the        
measures thereof; the north side four thousand and five hundred, and the south  
side four thousand and five hundred, and on the east side four thousand and     
five hundred, and the west side four thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the suburbs of the    
city shall be toward the north two hundred and fifty, and toward the south two  
hundred and fifty, and toward the east two hundred and fifty, and toward the    
west two hundred and fifty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>    
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the residue in length over against the oblation of the   
holy portion shall be ten thousand eastward, and ten thousand westward: and it  
shall be over against the oblation of the holy portion; and the increase        
thereof shall be for food unto them that serve the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they that serve the city      
shall serve it out of all the tribes of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>All the oblation shall be five and twenty    
thousand by five and twenty thousand: ye shall offer the holy oblation          
foursquare, with the possession of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the residue shall be for the prince, on the 
one side and on the other of the holy oblation, and of the possession of the    
city, over against the five and twenty thousand of the oblation toward the east 
border, and westward over against the five and twenty thousand toward the west  
border, over against the portions for the prince: and it shall be the holy      
oblation; and the sanctuary of the house shall be in the midst thereof.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover from the    
possession of the Levites, and from the possession of the city, being in the    
midst of that which is the prince's, between the border of Judah and the border 
of Benjamin, shall be for the prince.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>As for the rest of the tribes, from the east    
side unto the west side, Benjamin shall have a portion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Benjamin,    
from the east side unto the west side, Simeon shall have a portion.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of 
Simeon, from the east side unto the west side, Issachar a portion.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of      
Issachar, from the east side unto the west side, Zebulun a portion.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of 
Zebulun, from the east side unto the west side, Gad a portion.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And by the border of Gad, at  
the south side southward, the border shall be even from Tamar unto the waters   
of strife in Kadesh, and to the river toward the great sea.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the land which ye     
shall divide by lot unto the tribes of Israel for inheritance, and these are    
their portions, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are the goings out of the city on the 
north side, four thousand and five hundred measures.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the gates of the city shall   
be after the names of the tribes of Israel: three gates northward; one gate of  
Reuben, one gate of Judah, one gate of Levi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And at the east side four thousand and five     
hundred: and three gates; and one gate of Joseph, one gate of Benjamin, one     
gate of Dan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>
And at the south side four thousand and five hundred measures: and three gates; 
one gate of Simeon, one gate of Issachar, one gate of Zebulun.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>At the west side four         
thousand and five hundred, with their three gates; one gate of Gad, one gate of 
Asher, one gate of Naphtali.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>   
35</H4></TD><TD><P>It was round about eighteen thousand measures: and the name  
of the city from that day shall be, YHVH is there.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B27C001.htm'>Daniel 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
