<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Hosea, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B28C001.htm'>Hosea 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Hosea</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Say ye unto your brethren, Ammi; and to your sisters, Ruhamah.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Plead with your        
mother, plead: for she is not my wife, neither am I her husband: let her        
therefore put away her whoredoms out of her sight, and her adulteries from      
between her breasts;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Lest I strip her naked, and set her as in the day that she was born, and 
make her as a wilderness, and set her like a dry land, and slay her with        
thirst.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And I  
will not have mercy upon her children; for they be the children of              
whoredoms.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
their mother hath played the harlot: she that conceived them hath done          
shamefully: for she said, I will go after my lovers, that give me my bread and  
my water, my wool and my flax, mine oil and my drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, I will hedge up  
thy way with thorns, and make a wall, that she shall not find her paths.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And she shall     
follow after her lovers, but she shall not overtake them; and she shall seek    
them, but shall not find them: then shall she say, I will go and return to my   
first husband; for then was it better with me than now.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For she did not know that I gave    
her corn, and wine, and oil, and multiplied her silver and gold, which they     
prepared for Baal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Therefore will I return, and take away my corn in the time thereof, and  
my wine in the season thereof, and will recover my wool and my flax given to    
cover her nakedness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And now will I discover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers,    
and none shall deliver her out of mine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>I will also cause all her mirth to cease, her   
feast days, her new moons, and her sabbaths, and all her solemn feasts.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will destroy   
her vines and her fig trees, whereof she hath said, These are my rewards that   
my lovers have given me: and I will make them a forest, and the beasts of the   
field shall eat them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And I will visit upon her the days of Baalim, wherein she burned    
incense to them, and she decked herself with her earrings and her jewels, and   
she went after her lovers, and forgat me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, I will allure  
her, and bring her into the wilderness, and speak comfortably unto her.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will give her  
her vineyards from thence, and the valley of Achor for a door of hope: and she  
shall sing there, as in the days of her youth, and as in the day when she came  
up out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>   
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be at that day, saith YHVH, that thou shalt     
call me Ishi; and shalt call me no more Baali.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will take away the names of Baalim out 
of her mouth, and they shall no more be remembered by their name.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And in that day will I    
make a covenant for them with the beasts of the field and with the fowls of     
heaven, and with the creeping things of the ground: and I will break the bow    
and the sword and the battle out of the earth, and will make them to lie down   
safely.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
I will betroth thee unto me for ever; yea, I will betroth thee unto me in       
righteousness, and in judgment, and in lovingkindness, and in mercies.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>I will even betroth  
thee unto me in faithfulness: and thou shalt know YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass in that 
day, I will hear, saith YHVH, I will hear the heavens, and they shall hear the  
earth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the earth shall hear the corn, and the wine, and the oil; and they shall hear   
Jezreel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
I will sow her unto me in the earth; and I will have mercy upon her that had    
not obtained mercy; and I will say to them which were not my people, Thou art   
my people; and they shall say, Thou art my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>       
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B28C003.htm'>Hosea 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
