<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C016.htm'>Revelation 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials, and    
talked with me, saying unto me, Come hither; I will shew unto thee the judgment 
of the great whore that sitteth upon many waters:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>With whom the kings of the earth    
have committed fornication, and the inhabitants of the earth have been made     
drunk with the wine of her fornication.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>So he carried me away in the spirit into the      
wilderness: and I saw a woman sit upon a scarlet coloured beast, full of names  
of blasphemy, having seven heads and ten horns.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the woman was arrayed in purple and        
scarlet colour, and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a   
golden cup in her hand full of abominations and filthiness of her               
fornication:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And upon her forehead was a name written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE       
MOTHER OF HARLOTS AND ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw the woman drunken with    
the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of YAHSHUA: and when 
I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel said unto me, Wherefore didst thou  
marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman, and of the beast that        
carrieth her, which hath the seven heads and ten horns.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The beast that thou sawest was, and 
is not; and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit, and go into perdition: and  
they that dwell on the earth shall wonder, whose names were not written in the  
book of life from the foundation of the world, when they behold the beast that  
was, and is not, and yet is.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>    
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And here is the mind which hath wisdom. The seven heads are   
seven mountains, on which the woman sitteth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And there are seven kings: five are fallen, and 
one is, and the other is not yet come; and when he cometh, he must continue a   
short space.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, 
and goeth into perdition.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>      
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the ten horns which thou sawest are ten kings, which     
have received no kingdom as yet; but receive power as kings one hour with the   
beast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>These 
have one mind, and shall give their power and strength unto the beast.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>These shall make war 
with the Lamb, and the Lamb shall overcome them: for he is ADONAY of lords, and 
King of kings: and they that are with him are called, and chosen, and           
faithful.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he saith unto me, The waters which thou sawest, where the whore sitteth,    
are peoples, and multitudes, and nations, and tongues.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the ten horns which thou      
sawest upon the beast, these shall hate the whore, and shall make her desolate  
and naked, and shall eat her flesh, and burn her with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For ELOHIYM hath put in their 
hearts to fulfil his will, and to agree, and give their kingdom unto the beast, 
until the words of ELOHIYM shall be fulfilled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the woman which thou sawest is that      
great city, which reigneth over the kings of the earth.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>   
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B66C018.htm'>Revelation 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
