<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 31 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C030.htm'>2nd Chronicles 30</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 31</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when all this was finished, 
all Israel that were present went out to the cities of Judah, and brake the     
images in pieces, and cut down the groves, and threw down the high places and   
the altars out of all Judah and Benjamin, in Ephraim also and Manasseh, until   
they had utterly destroyed them all. Then all the children of Israel returned,  
every man to his possession, into their own cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah appointed the courses  
of the priests and the Levites after their courses, every man according to his  
service, the priests and Levites for burnt offerings and for peace offerings,   
to minister, and to give thanks, and to praise in the gates of the tents of     
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>He       
appointed also the king's portion of his substance for the burnt offerings, to  
wit, for the morning and evening burnt offerings, and the burnt offerings for   
the sabbaths, and for the new moons, and for the set feasts, as it is written   
in the law of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Moreover he commanded the people that dwelt in Jerusalem to give the     
portion of the priests and the Levites, that they might be encouraged in the    
law of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And as soon as the commandment came abroad, the children of Israel brought in   
abundance the firstfruits of corn, wine, and oil, and honey, and of all the     
increase of the field; and the tithe of all things brought they in              
abundantly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And concerning the children of Israel and Judah, that dwelt in the cities of    
Judah, they also brought in the tithe of oxen and sheep, and the tithe of holy  
things which were consecrated unto YHVH their ELOHIYM, and laid them by         
heaps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In the  
third month they began to lay the foundation of the heaps, and finished them in 
the seventh month.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, they blessed   
YHVH, and his people Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>    
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Hezekiah questioned with the priests and the Levites     
concerning the heaps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Azariah the chief priest of the house of Zadok answered him,    
and said, Since the people began to bring the offerings into the house of YHVH, 
we have had enough to eat, and have left plenty: for YHVH hath blessed his      
people; and that which is left is this great store.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Hezekiah commanded to        
prepare chambers in the house of YHVH; and they prepared them,</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And brought in the offerings  
and the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah the     
Levite was ruler, and Shimei his brother was the next.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehiel, and Azaziah, and      
Nahath, and Asahel, and Jerimoth, and Jozabad, and Eliel, and Ismachiah, and    
Mahath, and Benaiah, were overseers under the hand of Cononiah and Shimei his   
brother, at the commandment of Hezekiah the king, and Azariah the ruler of the  
house of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Kore the son of Imnah the Levite, the porter toward the east, was    
over the freewill offerings of ELOHIYM, to distribute the oblations of YHVH,    
and the most holy things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>      
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And next him were Eden, and Miniamin, and Jeshua, and        
Shemaiah, Amariah, and Shecaniah, in the cities of the priests, in their set    
office, to give to their brethren by courses, as well to the great as to the    
small:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Beside their genealogy of males, from three years old and upward, even unto     
every one that entereth into the house of YHVH, his daily portion for their     
service in their charges according to their courses;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Both to the genealogy of the      
priests by the house of their fathers, and the Levites from twenty years old    
and upward, in their charges by their courses;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the genealogy of all their little     
ones, their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, through all the         
congregation: for in their set office they sanctified themselves in             
holiness:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Also of the sons of Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs  
of their cities, in every several city, the men that were expressed by name, to 
give portions to all the males among the priests, and to all that were reckoned 
by genealogies among the Levites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>  
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And thus did Hezekiah throughout all Judah, and wrought  
that which was good and right and truth before YHVH his ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And in every work that he 
began in the service of the house of ELOHIYM, and in the law, and in the        
commandments, to seek his ELOHIYM, he did it with all his heart, and            
prospered.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C032.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
32</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
