<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Joel, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B29C001.htm'>Joel 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the    
Prophet Joel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>       
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Blow ye the trumpet in Zion, and sound an alarm in my holy mountain: let 
all the inhabitants of the land tremble: for the day of YHVH cometh, for it is  
nigh at hand;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P> 
A day of darkness and of gloominess, a day of clouds and of thick darkness, as  
the morning spread upon the mountains: a great people and a strong; there hath  
not been ever the like, neither shall be any more after it, even to the years   
of many generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>A fire devoureth before them; and behind them a flame burneth: the land  
is as the garden of Eden before them, and behind them a desolate wilderness;    
yea, and nothing shall escape them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4> 
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>The appearance of them is as the appearance of horses;    
and as horsemen, so shall they run.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Like the noise of chariots on the tops of mountains shall 
they leap, like the noise of a flame of fire that devoureth the stubble, as a   
strong people set in battle array.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Before their face the people shall be much pained: all    
faces shall gather blackness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall     
like men of war; and they shall march every one on his ways, and they shall not 
break their ranks:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Neither shall one thrust another; they shall walk every one in his path: 
and when they fall upon the sword, they shall not be wounded.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall run to and fro in    
the city; they shall run upon the wall, they shall climb up upon the houses;    
they shall enter in at the windows like a thief.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The earth shall quake before      
them; the heavens shall tremble: the sun and the moon shall be dark, and the    
stars shall withdraw their shining:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall utter his voice before his army: for his  
camp is very great: for he is strong that executeth his word: for the day of    
YHVH is great and very terrible; and who can abide it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore also now, saith YHVH,   
turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, and with weeping, and 
with mourning:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And rend your heart, and not your garments, and turn unto YHVH your ELOHIYM: 
for he is gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and      
repenteth him of the evil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>     
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Who knoweth if he will return and repent, and leave a        
blessing behind him; even a meat offering and a drink offering unto YHVH your   
ELOHIYM?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Blow the trumpet in Zion, sanctify a fast, call a solemn assembly:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Gather the people,        
sanctify the congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children, and those  
that suck the breasts: let the bridegroom go forth of his chamber, and the      
bride out of her closet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Let the priests, the ministers of YHVH, weep between the porch and  
the altar, and let them say, Spare thy people, O YHVH, and give not thine       
heritage to reproach, that the heathen should rule over them: wherefore should  
they say among the people, Where is their ELOHIYM?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will YHVH be jealous for his 
land, and pity his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>     
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, YHVH will answer and say unto his people, Behold, I     
will send you corn, and wine, and oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith: and 
I will no more make you a reproach among the heathen:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will remove far off from    
you the northern army, and will drive him into a land barren and desolate, with 
his face toward the east sea, and his hinder part toward the utmost sea, and    
his stink shall come up, and his ill savour shall come up, because he hath done 
great things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Fear not, O land; be glad and rejoice: for YHVH will do great things.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Be not afraid,  
ye beasts of the field: for the pastures of the wilderness do spring, for the   
tree beareth her fruit, the fig tree and the vine do yield their strength.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Be glad then,   
ye children of Zion, and rejoice in YHVH your ELOHIYM: for he hath given you    
the former rain moderately, and he will cause to come down for you the rain,    
the former rain, and the latter rain in the first month.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the floors shall be full of   
wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will restore to you the     
years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpiller, and the  
palmerworm, my great army which I sent among you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall eat in plenty, and   
be satisfied, and praise the name of YHVH your ELOHIYM, that hath dealt         
wondrously with you: and my people shall never be ashamed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall know that I am in    
the midst of Israel, and that I am YHVH your ELOHIYM, and none else: and my     
people shall never be ashamed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4> 
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my 
spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your    
old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And also upon the servants    
and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will shew wonders   
in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>The sun shall be     
turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible    
day of YHVH come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of YHVH 
shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as 
YHVH hath said, and in the remnant whom YHVH shall call.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B29C003.htm'>Joel 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
