<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C005.htm'>Judges 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of YHVH: and YHVH delivered    
them into the hand of Midian seven years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the hand of Midian prevailed against Israel:  
and because of the Midianites the children of Israel made them the dens which   
are in the mountains, and caves, and strong holds.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And so it was, when Israel had      
sown, that the Midianites came up, and the Amalekites, and the children of the  
east, even they came up against them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they encamped against them, and destroyed the 
increase of the earth, till thou come unto Gaza, and left no sustenance for     
Israel, neither sheep, nor ox, nor ass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For they came up with their cattle and their      
tents, and they came as grasshoppers for multitude; for both they and their     
camels were without number: and they entered into the land to destroy it.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel was    
greatly impoverished because of the Midianites; and the children of Israel      
cried unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And it came to pass, when the children of Israel cried unto YHVH because of  
the Midianites,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>That YHVH sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them,  
Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, I brought you up from Egypt, and brought you 
forth out of the house of bondage;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>  
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and 
out of the hand of all that oppressed you, and drave them out from before you,  
and gave you their land;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And I said unto you, I am YHVH your ELOHIYM; fear not the gods of   
the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but ye have not obeyed my voice.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came an    
angel of YHVH, and sat under an oak which was in Ophrah, that pertained unto    
Joash the Abiezrite: and his son Gideon threshed wheat by the winepress, to     
hide it from the Midianites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel of YHVH appeared unto him, and said unto him,  
YHVH is with thee, thou mighty man of valor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon said unto him, Oh my YHVH, if YHVH   
be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles     
which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not YHVH bring us up from Egypt? but  
now YHVH hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the               
Midianites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And YHVH looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save   
Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto him, Oh my   
ADONAY, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh,   
and I am the least in my father's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto him, Surely I will be with   
thee, and thou shalt smite the Midianites as one man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto him, If now I    
have found grace in thy sight, then show me a sign that thou talkest with       
me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Depart   
not hence, I pray thee, until I come unto thee, and bring forth my present, and 
set it before thee. And he said, I will tarry until thou come again.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon went in,  
and made ready a kid, and unleavened cakes of an ephah of flour: the flesh he   
put in a basket, and he put the broth in a pot, and brought it out unto him     
under the oak, and presented it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>   
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel of ELOHIYM said unto him, Take the flesh   
and the unleavened cakes, and lay them upon this rock, and pour out the broth.  
And he did so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then the angel of YHVH put forth the end of the staff that was in his hand,  
and touched the flesh and the unleavened cakes; and there rose up fire out of   
the rock, and consumed the flesh and the unleavened cakes. Then the angel of    
YHVH departed out of his sight.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Gideon perceived that he was an angel of YHVH,      
Gideon said, Alas, O ADONAY YHVH! for because I have seen an angel of YHVH face 
to face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
YHVH said unto him, Peace be unto thee; fear not: thou shalt not die.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Gideon built an 
altar there unto YHVH, and called it YHVH-shalom: unto this day it is yet in    
Ophrah of the Abiezrites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>      
25</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass the same night, that YHVH said unto him, 
Take thy father's young bullock, even the second bullock of seven years old,    
and throw down the altar of Baal that thy father hath, and cut down the grove   
that is by it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And build an altar unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM upon the top of this rock, in the   
ordered place, and take the second bullock, and offer a burnt sacrifice with    
the wood of the grove which thou shalt cut down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Gideon took ten men of his   
servants, and did as YHVH had said unto him: and so it was, because he feared   
his father's household, and the men of the city, that he could not do it by     
day, that he did it by night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>  
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the men of the city arose early in the morning,     
behold, the altar of Baal was cast down, and the grove was cut down that was by 
it, and the second bullock was offered upon the altar that was built.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said one to 
another, Who hath done this thing? And when they inquired and asked, they said, 
Gideon the son of Joash hath done this thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the men of the city said unto Joash,    
Bring out thy son, that he may die: because he hath cast down the altar of      
Baal, and because he hath cut down the grove that was by it.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joash said unto all that  
stood against him, Will ye plead for Baal? will ye save him? he that will plead 
for him, let him be put to death whilst it is yet morning: if he be a god, let  
him plead for himself, because one hath cast down his altar.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore on that day he      
called him Jerubbaal, saying, Let Baal plead against him, because he hath       
thrown down his altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Then all the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the  
east were gathered together, and went over, and pitched in the valley of        
Jezreel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
the Spirit of YHVH came upon Gideon, and he blew a trumpet; and Abiezer was     
gathered after him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And he sent messengers throughout all Manasseh; who also was gathered    
after him: and he sent messengers unto Asher, and unto Zebulun, and unto        
Naphtali; and they came up to meet them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon said unto ELOHIYM, If thou wilt save 
Israel by mine hand, as thou hast said,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will put a fleece of wool in the      
floor; and if the dew be on the fleece only, and it be dry upon all the earth   
beside, then shall I know that thou wilt save Israel by mine hand, as thou hast 
said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
was so: for he rose up early on the morrow, and thrust the fleece together, and 
wringed the dew out of the fleece, a bowl full of water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon said unto ELOHIYM, Let 
not thine anger be hot against me, and I will speak but this once: let me       
prove, I pray thee, but this once with the fleece; let it now be dry only upon  
the fleece, and upon all the ground let there be dew.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM did so that night:    
for it was dry upon the fleece only, and there was dew on all the ground.</P>   
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C007.htm'>Judges 7</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
