<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C009.htm'>1st Kings 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First     
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon concerning the  
name of YHVH, she came to prove him with hard questions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And she came to Jerusalem with a    
very great train, with camels that bare spices, and very much gold, and         
precious stones: and when she was come to Solomon, she communed with him of all 
that was in her heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Solomon told her all her questions: there was not any thing hid 
from the king, which he told her not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the queen of Sheba had seen all          
Solomon's wisdom, and the house that he had built,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the meat of his table, and the  
sitting of his servants, and the attendance of his ministers, and their         
apparel, and his cupbearers, and his ascent by which he went up unto the house  
of YHVH; there was no more spirit in her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said to the king, It was a true report    
that I heard in mine own land of thy acts and of thy wisdom.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit I believed not the      
words, until I came, and mine eyes had seen it: and, behold, the half was not   
told me: thy wisdom and prosperity exceedeth the fame which I heard.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Happy are thy men,     
happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and that     
hear thy wisdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Blessed be YHVH thy ELOHIYM, which delighted in thee, to set thee on the     
throne of Israel: because YHVH loved Israel for ever, therefore made he thee    
king, to do judgment and justice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>  
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And she gave the king an hundred and twenty talents of   
gold, and of spices very great store, and precious stones: there came no more   
such abundance of spices as these which the queen of Sheba gave to king         
Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the navy also of Hiram, that brought gold from Ophir, brought in from Ophir     
great plenty of almug trees, and precious stones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king made of the almug    
trees pillars for the house of YHVH, and for the king's house, harps also and   
psalteries for singers: there came no such almug trees, nor were seen unto this 
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
king Solomon gave unto the queen of Sheba all her desire, whatsoever she asked, 
beside that which Solomon gave her of his royal bounty. So she turned and went  
to her own country, she and her servants.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the weight of gold that came to Solomon in  
one year was six hundred threescore and six talents of gold,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Beside that he had of the     
merchantmen, and of the traffic of the spice merchants, and of all the kings of 
Arabia, and of the governors of the country.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon made two hundred targets of    
beaten gold: six hundred shekels of gold went to one target.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he made three hundred     
shields of beaten gold; three pound of gold went to one shield: and the king    
put them in the house of the forest of Lebanon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the king made a great throne of     
ivory, and overlaid it with the best gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>The throne had six steps, and the top of the    
throne was round behind: and there were stays on either side on the place of    
the seat, and two lions stood beside the stays.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And twelve lions stood there on the one side 
and on the other upon the six steps: there was not the like made in any         
kingdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
all king Solomon's drinking vessels were of gold, and all the vessels of the    
house of the forest of Lebanon were of pure gold; none were of silver: it was   
nothing accounted of in the days of Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For the king had at sea a navy of Tharshish     
with the navy of Hiram: once in three years came the navy of Tharshish,         
bringing gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So king Solomon exceeded all the  
kings of the earth for riches and for wisdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the earth sought to Solomon, to hear 
his wisdom, which ELOHIYM had put in his heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought every man his present,      
vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments, and armor, and spices,    
horses, and mules, a rate year by year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon gathered together chariots and      
horsemen: and he had a thousand and four hundred chariots, and twelve thousand  
horsemen, whom he bestowed in the cities for chariots, and with the king at     
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the king made silver to be in Jerusalem as stones, and cedars made he to be 
as the sycamore trees that are in the vale, for abundance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon had horses brought    
out of Egypt, and linen yarn: the king's merchants received the linen yarn at a 
price.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And a 
chariot came up and went out of Egypt for six hundred shekels of silver, and an 
horse for an hundred and fifty: and so for all the kings of the Hittites, and   
for the kings of Syria, did they bring them out by their means.</P></TD></TR>   
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C011.htm'>1st Kings 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
