<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C005.htm'>Revelation 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I saw when the Lamb opened one of the seals, and I heard, as it were 
the noise of thunder, one of the four beasts saying, Come and see.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw, and behold a     
white horse: and he that sat on him had a bow; and a crown was given unto him:  
and he went forth conquering, and to conquer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had opened the second seal, I      
heard the second beast say, Come and see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And there went out another horse that was red:    
and power was given to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and   
that they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great         
sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast say, Come and see.   
And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that sat on him had a pair of        
balances in his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And I heard a voice in the midst of the four beasts say, A measure of    
wheat for a penny, and three measures of barley for a penny; and see thou hurt  
not the oil and the wine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And when he had opened the fourth seal, I heard the voice of the    
fourth beast say, Come and see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4> 
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat  
on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. And power was given unto them     
over the fourth part of the earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and     
with death, and with the beasts of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had opened the fifth seal, I saw   
under the altar the souls of them that were slain for the word of ELOHIYM, and  
for the testimony which they held:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10> 
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And they cried with a loud voice, saying, How long, O    
ADONAY, holy and true, dost thou not judge and avenge our blood on them that    
dwell on the earth?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto  
them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants 
also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be          
fulfilled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And I beheld when he had opened the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a great      
earthquake; and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair, and the moon became  
as blood;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the stars of heaven fell unto the earth, even as a fig tree casteth her     
untimely figs, when she is shaken of a mighty wind.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the heaven departed as a      
scroll when it is rolled together; and every mountain and island were moved out 
of their places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the kings of the earth, and the great men, and the rich men, and the 
chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bondman, and every free man, hid  
themselves in the dens and in the rocks of the mountains;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And said to the mountains and     
rocks, Fall on us, and hide us from the face of him that sitteth on the throne, 
and from the wrath of the Lamb:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>For the great day of his wrath is come; and who shall be     
able to stand?</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C007.htm'>Revelation 7</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
