<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 18 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C017.htm'>Deuteronomy 17</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The priests the Levites, and    
all the tribe of Levi, shall have no part nor inheritance with Israel: they     
shall eat the offerings of YHVH made by fire, and his inheritance.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall they have   
no inheritance among their brethren: YHVH is their inheritance, as he hath said 
unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
this shall be the priest's due from the people, from them that offer a          
sacrifice, whether it be ox or sheep; and they shall give unto the priest the   
shoulder, and the two cheeks, and the maw.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>The firstfruit also of thy corn, of thy wine, and 
of thine oil, and the first of the fleece of thy sheep, shalt thou give him.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH thy      
ELOHIYM hath chosen him out of all thy tribes, to stand to minister in the name 
of YHVH, him and his sons for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6> 
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a Levite come from any of thy gates out of all     
Israel, where he sojourned, and come with all the desire of his mind unto the   
place which YHVH shall choose;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he shall minister in the name of YHVH his ELOHIYM, as    
all his brethren the Levites do, which stand there before YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall have like        
portions to eat, beside that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>When thou art come     
into the land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee, thou shalt not learn to do    
after the abominations of those nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>There shall not be found among you any one that 
maketh his son or his daughter to pass through the fire, or that useth          
divination, or an observer of times, or an enchanter, or a witch.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Or a charmer, or a        
consulter with familiar spirits, or a wizard, or a necromancer.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For all that do these     
things are an abomination unto YHVH: and because of these abominations YHVH thy 
ELOHIYM doth drive them out from before thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt be perfect with YHVH thy          
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
these nations, which thou shalt possess, hearkened unto observers of times, and 
unto diviners: but as for thee, YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath not suffered thee so to   
do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH thy 
ELOHIYM will raise up unto thee a Prophet from the midst of thee, of thy        
brethren, like unto me; unto him ye shall hearken;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>According to all that thou        
desiredst of YHVH thy ELOHIYM in Horeb in the day of the assembly, saying, Let  
me not hear again the voice of YHVH my ELOHIYM, neither let me see this great   
fire any more, that I die not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4> 
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto me, They have well spoken that which they 
have spoken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>
I will raise them up a Prophet from among their brethren, like unto thee, and   
will put my words in his mouth; and he shall speak unto them all that I shall   
command him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>
And it shall come to pass, that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which  
he shall speak in my name, I will require it of him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But the prophet, which shall      
presume to speak a word in my name, which I have not commanded him to speak, or 
that shall speak in the name of other gods, even that prophet shall die.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou say 
in thine heart, How shall we know the word which YHVH hath not spoken?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>When a prophet       
speaketh in the name of YHVH, if the thing follow not, nor come to pass, that   
is the thing which YHVH hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it         
presumptuously: thou shalt not be afraid of him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This  
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B05C019.htm'>Deuteronomy 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
