<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B14C036.htm'>2nd Chronicles 36</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The     
Book of Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>       
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of YHVH by  
the mouth of Jeremiah might be fulfilled, YHVH stirred up the spirit of Cyrus   
king of Persia, that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put 
it also in writing, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>     
2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith Cyrus king of Persia, YHVH ELOHIYM of heaven hath  
given me all the kingdoms of the earth; and he hath charged me to build him an  
house at Jerusalem, which is in Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Who is there among you of all his people? his     
ELOHIYM be with him, and let him go up to Jerusalem, which is in Judah, and     
build the house of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, (he is the ELOHIYM,) which is in     
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place  
help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside    
the freewill offering for the house of ELOHIYM that is in Jerusalem.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then rose up the chief 
of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin, and the priests, and the Levites, with    
all them whose spirit ELOHIYM had raised, to go up to build the house of YHVH   
which is in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And all they that were about them strengthened their hands with     
vessels of silver, with gold, with goods, and with beasts, and with precious    
things, beside all that was willingly offered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels  
of the house of YHVH, which Nebuchadnezzar had brought forth out of Jerusalem,  
and had put them in the house of his gods;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Even those did Cyrus king of Persia bring forth   
by the hand of Mithredath the treasurer, and numbered them unto Sheshbazzar,    
the prince of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And this is the number of them: thirty chargers of gold, a thousand      
chargers of silver, nine and twenty knives,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thirty basins of gold, silver basins of a       
second sort four hundred and ten, and other vessels a thousand.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>All the vessels of gold   
and of silver were five thousand and four hundred. All these did Sheshbazzar    
bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon unto      
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B15C002.htm'>Ezra 2</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
