<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C009.htm'>Revelation 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a     
cloud: and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was as it were the sun,    
and his feet as pillars of fire:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he had in his hand a little book open: and he set his     
right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And cried with a loud voice, as     
when a lion roareth: and when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their        
voices.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I   
heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven  
thunders uttered, and write them not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and  
upon the earth lifted up his hand to heaven,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And sware by him that liveth for ever and ever,   
who created heaven, and the things that therein are, and the earth, and the     
things that therein are, and the sea, and the things which are therein, that    
there should be time no longer:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4> 
7</H4></TD><TD><P>But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he    
shall begin to sound, the mystery of ELOHIYM should be finished, as he hath     
declared to his servants the prophets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the voice which I heard from heaven spake     
unto me again, and said, Go and take the little book which is open in the hand  
of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I went unto the angel, and  
said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, Take it, and eat   
it up; and it shall make thy belly bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet   
as honey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I took the little book out of the angel's hand, and ate it up; and it was   
in my mouth sweet as honey: and as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was         
bitter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he said unto me, Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, and nations, and 
tongues, and kings.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by 
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B66C011.htm'>Revelation 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
