<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C020.htm'>1st Samuel 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then came David to Nob to Ahimelech the priest: and Ahimelech was afraid 
at the meeting of David, and said unto him, Why art thou alone, and no man with 
thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
David said unto Ahimelech the priest, The king hath commanded me a business,    
and hath said unto me, Let no man know any thing of the business whereabout I   
send thee, and what I have commanded thee: and I have appointed my servants to  
such and such a place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now therefore what is under thine hand? give me five loaves of      
bread in mine hand, or what there is present.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest answered David, and said, There 
is no common bread under mine hand, but there is hallowed bread; if the young   
men have kept themselves at least from women.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And David answered the priest, and said unto   
him, Of a truth women have been kept from us about these three days, since I    
came out, and the vessels of the young men are holy, and the bread is in a      
manner common, yea, though it were sanctified this day in the vessel.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So the priest gave him 
hallowed bread: for there was no bread there but the showbread, that was taken  
from before YHVH, to put hot bread in the day when it was taken away.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now a certain man of   
the servants of Saul was there that day, detained before YHVH; and his name was 
Doeg, an Edomite, the chiefest of the herdmen that belonged to Saul.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said unto    
Ahimelech, And is there not here under thine hand spear or sword? for I have    
neither brought my sword nor my weapons with me, because the king's business    
required haste.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the priest said, The sword of Goliath the Philistine, whom thou slewest  
in the valley of Elah, behold, it is here wrapped in a cloth behind the ephod:  
if thou wilt take that, take it: for there is no other save that here. And      
David said, There is none like that; give it me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And David arose and fled that day 
for fear of Saul, and went to Achish the king of Gath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the servants of Achish said   
unto him, Is not this David the king of the land? did they not sing one to      
another of him in dances, saying, Saul hath slain his thousands, and David his  
ten thousands?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And David laid up these words in his heart, and was sore afraid of Achish    
the king of Gath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he changed his behavior before them, and feigned himself mad in      
their hands, and scrabbled on the doors of the gate, and let his spittle fall   
down upon his beard.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then said Achish unto his servants, Lo, ye see the man is mad:      
wherefore then have ye brought him to me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Have I need of mad men, that ye have brought    
this fellow to play the mad man in my presence? shall this fellow come into my  
house?</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C022.htm'>1st Samuel 22</A>   
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
