<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 24 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C023.htm'>2nd Chronicles 23</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Joash was seven years old when  
he began to reign, and he reigned forty years in Jerusalem. His mother's name   
also was Zibiah of Beersheba.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>   
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joash did that which was right in the sight of YHVH all   
the days of Jehoiada the priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoiada took for him two wives; and he begat sons and    
daughters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
it came to pass after this, that Joash was minded to repair the house of        
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he   
gathered together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go out unto    
the cities of Judah, and gather of all Israel money to repair the house of your 
ELOHIYM from year to year, and see that ye hasten the matter. Howbeit the       
Levites hastened it not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the king called for Jehoiada the chief, and said unto him, Why  
hast thou not required of the Levites to bring in out of Judah and out of       
Jerusalem the collection, according to the commandment of Moses the servant of  
YHVH, and of the congregation of Israel, for the tabernacle of witness?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For the sons of        
Athaliah, that wicked woman, had broken up the house of ELOHIYM; and also all   
the dedicated things of the house of YHVH did they bestow upon Baalim.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And at the king's      
commandment they made a chest, and set it without at the gate of the house of   
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they 
made a proclamation through Judah and Jerusalem, to bring in to YHVH the        
collection that Moses the servant of ELOHIYM laid upon Israel in the            
wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And all the princes and all the people rejoiced, and brought in, and cast into  
the chest, until they had made an end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, that at what time the      
chest was brought unto the king's office by the hand of the Levites, and when   
they saw that there was much money, the king's scribe and the high priest's     
officer came and emptied the chest, and took it, and carried it to his place    
again. Thus they did day by day, and gathered money in abundance.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king and Jehoiada 
gave it to such as did the work of the service of the house of YHVH, and hired  
masons and carpenters to repair the house of YHVH, and also such as wrought     
iron and brass to mend the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>So the workmen wrought, and the work was        
perfected by them, and they set the house of ELOHIYM in his state, and          
strengthened it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when they had finished it, they brought the rest of the money before 
the king and Jehoiada, whereof were made vessels for the house of YHVH, even    
vessels to minister, and to offer withal, and spoons, and vessels of gold and   
silver. And they offered burnt offerings in the house of YHVH continually all   
the days of Jehoiada.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But Jehoiada waxed old, and was full of days when he died; an       
hundred and thirty years old was he when he died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they buried him in the city   
of David among the kings, because he had done good in Israel, both toward       
ELOHIYM, and toward his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4> 
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Now after the death of Jehoiada came the princes of Judah,   
and made obeisance to the king. Then the king hearkened unto them.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And they left the house   
of YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers, and served groves and idols: and wrath came   
upon Judah and Jerusalem for this their trespass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet he sent prophets to them, to  
bring them again unto YHVH; and they testified against them: but they would not 
give ear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the Spirit of ELOHIYM came upon Zechariah the son of Jehoiada the priest,   
which stood above the people, and said unto them, Thus saith ELOHIYM, Why       
transgress ye the commandments of YHVH, that ye cannot prosper? because ye have 
forsaken YHVH, he hath also forsaken you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And they conspired against him, and stoned him  
with stones at the commandment of the king in the court of the house of         
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
Joash the king remembered not the kindness which Jehoiada his father had done   
to him, but slew his son. And when he died, he said, YHVH look upon it, and     
require it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And it came to pass at the end of the year, that the host of Syria came up      
against him: and they came to Judah and Jerusalem, and destroyed all the        
princes of the people from among the people, and sent all the spoil of them     
unto the king of Damascus.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>     
24</H4></TD><TD><P>For the army of the Syrians came with a small company of     
men, and YHVH delivered a very great host into their hand, because they had     
forsaken YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers. So they executed judgment against       
Joash.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when they were departed from him, (for they left him in great diseases,) his    
own servants conspired against him for the blood of the sons of Jehoiada the    
priest, and slew him on his bed, and he died: and they buried him in the city   
of David, but they buried him not in the sepulchres of the kings.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are they that   
conspired against him; Zabad the son of Shimeath an Ammonitess, and Jehozabad   
the son of Shimrith a Moabitess.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27>   
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Now concerning his sons, and the greatness of the        
burdens laid upon him, and the repairing of the house of ELOHIYM, behold, they  
are written in the story of the book of the kings. And Amaziah his son reigned  
in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John  
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C025.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
25</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
