<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C012.htm'>Revelation 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I stood upon the sand of the sea, and saw a beast rise up out of the 
sea, having seven heads and ten horns, and upon his horns ten crowns, and upon  
his heads the name of blasphemy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the beast which I saw was like unto a leopard, and his    
feet were as the feet of a bear, and his mouth as the mouth of a lion: and the  
dragon gave him his power, and his seat, and great authority.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw one of his heads as   
it were wounded to death; and his deadly wound was healed: and all the world    
wondered after the beast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And they worshipped the dragon which gave power unto the beast: and 
they worshipped the beast, saying, Who is like unto the beast? who is able to   
make war with him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And there was given unto him a mouth speaking great things and           
blasphemies; and power was given unto him to continue forty and two months.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he opened his 
mouth in blasphemy against EL, to blaspheme his name, and his tabernacle, and   
them that dwell in heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And it was given unto him to make war with the saints, and to       
overcome them: and power was given him over all kindreds, and tongues, and      
nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
all that dwell upon the earth shall worship him, whose names are not written in 
the book of life of the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>If any man have an     
ear, let him hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>He that leadeth into captivity shall go into captivity: he that killeth  
with the sword must be killed with the sword. Here is the patience and the      
faith of the saints.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth; and he had   
two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he exerciseth all the power   
of the first beast before him, and causeth the earth and them which dwell       
therein to worship the first beast, whose deadly wound was healed.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he doeth great        
wonders, so that he maketh fire come down from heaven on the earth in the sight 
of men,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
deceiveth them that dwell on the earth by the means of those miracles which he  
had power to do in the sight of the beast; saying to them that dwell on the     
earth, that they should make an image to the beast, which had the wound by a    
sword, and did live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And he had power to give life unto the image of the beast, that the 
image of the beast should both speak, and cause that as many as would not       
worship the image of the beast should be killed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he causeth all, both small    
and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, 
or in their foreheads:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or    
the name of the beast, or the number of his name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Here is wisdom. Let him that hath 
understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and 
his number is Six hundred threescore and six.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This     
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B66C014.htm'>Revelation 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
