<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 15 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C014.htm'>Deuteronomy 14</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 15</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>At the end of every seven years 
thou shalt make a release.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And this is the manner of the release: Every creditor that lendeth  
ought unto his neighbor shall release it; he shall not exact it of his          
neighbor, or of his brother; because it is called YHVH's release.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Of a foreigner thou mayest  
exact it again: but that which is thine with thy brother thine hand shall       
release;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Save  
when there shall be no poor among you; for YHVH shall greatly bless thee in the 
land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee for an inheritance to possess it:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Only if thou      
carefully hearken unto the voice of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to observe to do all      
these commandments which I command thee this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH thy ELOHIYM blesseth thee, 
as he promised thee: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, but thou shalt not  
borrow; and thou shalt reign over many nations, but they shall not reign over   
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>If there 
be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within any of thy gates in thy   
land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee, thou shalt not harden thine heart, nor 
shut thine hand from thy poor brother:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou shalt open thine hand wide unto him, and 
shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need, in that which he wanteth.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Beware that there 
be not a thought in thy wicked heart, saying, The seventh year, the year of     
release, is at hand; and thine eye be evil against thy poor brother, and thou   
givest him nought; and he cry unto YHVH against thee, and it be sin unto        
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou   
shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved when thou givest    
unto him: because that for this thing YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall bless thee in all  
thy works, and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For the poor shall never cease    
out of the land: therefore I command thee, saying, Thou shalt open thine hand   
wide unto thy brother, to thy poor, and to thy needy, in thy land.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thy brother, an    
Hebrew man, or an Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve thee six years;    
then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when thou sendest him out 
free from thee, thou shalt not let him go away empty:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt furnish him liberally  
out of thy flock, and out of thy floor, and out of thy winepress: of that       
wherewith YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath blessed thee thou shalt give unto him.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt       
remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt, and YHVH thy ELOHIYM    
redeemed thee: therefore I command thee this thing to day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, if he say unto   
thee, I will not go away from thee; because he loveth thee and thine house,     
because he is well with thee;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then thou shalt take an awl, and thrust it through his ear   
unto the door, and he shall be thy servant for ever. And also unto thy          
maidservant thou shalt do likewise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall not seem hard unto thee, when thou sendest him  
away free from thee; for he hath been worth a double hired servant to thee, in  
serving thee six years: and YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall bless thee in all that thou  
doest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>All   
the firstling males that come of thy herd and of thy flock thou shalt sanctify  
unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM: thou shalt do no work with the firstling of thy bullock, 
nor shear the firstling of thy sheep.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt eat it before YHVH thy ELOHIYM year  
by year in the place which YHVH shall choose, thou and thy household.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And if there be any  
blemish therein, as if it be lame, or blind, or have any ill blemish, thou      
shalt not sacrifice it unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt eat it within thy gates: the      
unclean and the clean person shall eat it alike, as the roebuck, and as the     
hart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Only   
thou shalt not eat the blood thereof; thou shalt pour it upon the ground as     
water.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C016.htm'>Deuteronomy 16</A>  
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
