<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C015.htm'>2nd Chronicles 15</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the six and thirtieth year   
of the reign of Asa Baasha king of Israel came up against Judah, and built      
Ramah, to the intent that he might let none go out or come in to Asa king of    
Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
Asa brought out silver and gold out of the treasures of the house of YHVH and   
of the king's house, and sent to Benhadad king of Syria, that dwelt at          
Damascus, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>
<P>There is a league between me and thee, as there was between my father and    
thy father: behold, I have sent thee silver and gold; go, break thy league with 
Baasha king of Israel, that he may depart from me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Benhadad hearkened unto king    
Asa, and sent the captains of his armies against the cities of Israel; and they 
smote Ijon, and Dan, and Abelmaim, and all the store cities of Naphtali.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to    
pass, when Baasha heard it, that he left off building of Ramah, and let his     
work cease.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then Asa the king took all Judah; and they carried away the stones of Ramah,    
and the timber thereof, wherewith Baasha was building; and he built therewith   
Geba and Mizpah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And at that time Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said unto    
him, Because thou hast relied on the king of Syria, and not relied on YHVH thy  
ELOHIYM, therefore is the host of the king of Syria escaped out of thine        
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Were not 
the Ethiopians and the Lubims a huge host, with very many chariots and          
horsemen? yet, because thou didst rely on YHVH, he delivered them into thine    
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For the  
eyes of YHVH run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to show himself strong  
in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him. Herein thou hast done  
foolishly: therefore from henceforth thou shalt have wars.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Asa was wroth with the seer, 
and put him in a prison house; for he was in a rage with him because of this    
thing. And Asa oppressed some of the people the same time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, the acts of Asa,     
first and last, lo, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and      
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Asa in the thirty and ninth year of his reign was diseased in his feet, until   
his disease was exceeding great: yet in his disease he sought not to YHVH, but  
to the physicians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Asa slept with his fathers, and died in the one and fortieth year of 
his reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And they buried him in his own sepulchres, which he had made for himself in the 
city of David, and laid him in the bed which was filled with sweet odorous and  
divers kinds of spices prepared by the apothecaries' art: and they made a very  
great burning for him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C017.htm'>2nd Chronicles 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
