<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C006.htm'>Revelation 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And after these things I saw four angels standing on the four corners of 
the earth, holding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow   
on the earth, nor on the sea, nor on any tree.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw another angel ascending from the     
east, having the seal of the living EL: and he cried with a loud voice to the   
four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying, Hurt not the earth, 
neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our ELOHIYM 
in their foreheads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I heard the number of them which were sealed: and there were sealed  
an hundred and forty and four thousand of all the tribes of the children of     
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the 
tribe of Juda were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Reuben were sealed   
twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Gad were sealed twelve thousand.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the tribe of Aser were   
sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Nephthalim were sealed twelve thousand. 
Of the tribe of Manasses were sealed twelve thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the tribe of Simeon were sealed  
twelve thousand. Of the tribe of Levi were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe 
of Issachar were sealed twelve thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the tribe of Zabulon were sealed twelve        
thousand. Of the tribe of Joseph were sealed twelve thousand. Of the tribe of   
Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>After this I beheld, and, lo, a great multitude,  
which no man could number, of all nations, and kindreds, and people, and        
tongues, stood before the throne, and before the Lamb, clothed with white       
robes, and palms in their hands;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>   
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And cried with a loud voice, saying, Salvation to our    
ELOHIYM which sitteth upon the throne, and unto the Lamb.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the angels stood round    
about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the 
throne on their faces, and worshipped ELOHIYM,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying, Amen: Blessing, and glory, and       
wisdom, and thanksgiving, and honour, and power, and might, be unto our ELOHIYM 
for ever and ever. Amen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And one of the elders answered, saying unto me, What are these      
which are arrayed in white robes? and whence came they?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I said unto him, Sir, thou    
knowest. And he said to me, These are they which came out of great tribulation, 
and have washed their robes, and made them white in the blood of the Lamb.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore are   
they before the throne of ELOHIYM, and serve him day and night in his temple:   
and he that sitteth on the throne shall dwell among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall hunger no more,        
neither thirst any more; neither shall the sun light on them, nor any heat.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For the Lamb    
which is in the midst of the throne shall feed them, and shall lead them unto   
living fountains of waters: and ADONAY YHVH shall wipe away all tears from      
their eyes.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. 
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C008.htm'>Revelation 8</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
