<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C022.htm'>Joshua 22</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it came to pass a long time after that YHVH had given rest unto Israel from 
all their enemies round about, that Joshua waxed old and stricken in age.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua called 
for all Israel, and for their elders, and for their heads, and for their        
judges, and for their officers, and said unto them, I am old and stricken in    
age:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye    
have seen all that YHVH your ELOHIYM hath done unto all these nations because   
of you; for YHVH your ELOHIYM is he that hath fought for you.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have divided unto you 
by lot these nations that remain, to be an inheritance for your tribes, from    
Jordan, with all the nations that I have cut off, even unto the great sea       
westward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
YHVH your ELOHIYM, he shall expel them from before you, and drive them from out 
of your sight; and ye shall possess their land, as YHVH your ELOHIYM hath       
promised unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Be ye therefore very courageous to keep and to do all that is written in 
the book of the law of Moses, that ye turn not aside therefrom to the right     
hand or to the left;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>That ye come not among these nations, these that remain among you;       
neither make mention of the name of their gods, nor cause to swear by them,     
neither serve them, nor bow yourselves unto them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But cleave unto YHVH your ELOHIYM,  
as ye have done unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH hath driven out from before you great nations and    
strong: but as for you, no man hath been able to stand before you unto this     
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>One man 
of you shall chase a thousand: for YHVH your ELOHIYM, he it is that fighteth    
for you, as he hath promised you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>  
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Take good heed therefore unto yourselves, that ye love   
YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Else if ye do in any wise go back, and cleave unto the remnant of these  
nations, even these that remain among you, and shall make marriages with them,  
and go in unto them, and they to you:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Know for a certainty that YHVH your ELOHIYM     
will no more drive out any of these nations from before you; but they shall be  
snares and traps unto you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, 
until ye perish from off this good land which YHVH your ELOHIYM hath given      
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And,    
behold, this day I am going the way of all the earth: and ye know in all your   
hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all the good    
things which YHVH your ELOHIYM spake concerning you; all are come to pass unto  
you, and not one thing hath failed thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore it shall come to pass, that as all    
good things are come upon you, which YHVH your ELOHIYM promised you; so shall   
YHVH bring upon you all evil things, until he have destroyed you from off this  
good land which YHVH your ELOHIYM hath given you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>When ye have transgressed the     
covenant of YHVH your ELOHIYM, which he commanded you, and have gone and served 
other gods, and bowed yourselves to them; then shall the anger of YHVH be       
kindled against you, and ye shall perish quickly from off the good land which   
he hath given unto you.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright     
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C024.htm'>Joshua 24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
