<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 42 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C041.htm'>Jeremiah 41</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 42</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then all the captains of the    
forces, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jezaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and    
all the people from the least even unto the greatest, came near,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto Jeremiah the  
prophet, Let, we beseech thee, our supplication be accepted before thee, and    
pray for us unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM, even for all this remnant; (for we are left  
but a few of many, as thine eyes do behold us:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>That YHVH thy ELOHIYM may shew us the way      
wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jeremiah the prophet said unto 
them, I have heard you; behold, I will pray unto YHVH your ELOHIYM according to 
your words; and it shall come to pass, that whatsoever thing YHVH shall answer  
you, I will declare it unto you; I will keep nothing back from you.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they said to      
Jeremiah, YHVH be a true and faithful witness between us, if we do not even     
according to all things for the which YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall send thee to       
us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Whether it 
be good, or whether it be evil, we will obey the voice of YHVH our ELOHIYM, to  
whom we send thee; that it may be well with us, when we obey the voice of YHVH  
our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it came to pass after ten days, that the word of YHVH came unto             
Jeremiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then 
called he Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces which   
were with him, and all the people from the least even to the greatest,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto them,    
Thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel, unto whom ye sent me to present your    
supplication before him;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>
</TD><TD><P>If ye will still abide in this land, then will I build you, and not 
pull you down, and I will plant you, and not pluck you up: for I repent me of   
the evil that I have done unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Be not afraid of the king of Babylon, of whom ye are     
afraid; be not afraid of him, saith YHVH: for I am with you to save you, and to 
deliver you from his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>     
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will shew mercies unto you, that he may have mercy     
upon you, and cause you to return to your own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye say, We will not dwell  
in this land, neither obey the voice of YHVH your ELOHIYM,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying, No; but we will go into   
the land of Egypt, where we shall see no war, nor hear the sound of the         
trumpet, nor have hunger of bread; and there will we dwell:</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And now therefore hear the    
word of YHVH, ye remnant of Judah; Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of     
Israel; If ye wholly set your faces to enter into Egypt, and go to sojourn      
there;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
it shall come to pass, that the sword, which ye feared, shall overtake you      
there in the land of Egypt, and the famine, whereof ye were afraid, shall       
follow close after you there in Egypt; and there ye shall die.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>So shall it be with all the   
men that set their faces to go into Egypt to sojourn there; they shall die by   
the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence: and none of them shall remain  
or escape from the evil that I will bring upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts, the 
ELOHIYM of Israel; As mine anger and my fury hath been poured forth upon the    
inhabitants of Jerusalem; so shall my fury be poured forth upon you, when ye    
shall enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and 
a curse, and a reproach; and ye shall see this place no more.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath said concerning     
you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye not into Egypt: know certainly that I have    
admonished you this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For ye dissembled in your hearts, when ye sent me unto YHVH your    
ELOHIYM, saying, Pray for us unto YHVH our ELOHIYM; and according unto all that 
YHVH our ELOHIYM shall say, so declare unto us, and we will do it.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And now I have this day   
declared it to you; but ye have not obeyed the voice of YHVH your ELOHIYM, nor  
any thing for the which he hath sent me unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore know certainly that 
ye shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the place   
whither ye desire to go and to sojourn.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software  
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B24C043.htm'>Jeremiah 43</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
