<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Esther, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B17C003.htm'>Esther 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Esther</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
When Mordecai perceived all that was done, Mordecai rent his clothes, and put   
on sackcloth with ashes, and went out into the midst of the city, and cried     
with a loud and a bitter cry;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>   
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And came even before the king's gate: for none might enter    
into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And in every province, whithersoever the king's   
commandment and his decree came, there was great mourning among the Jews, and   
fasting, and weeping, and wailing; and many lay in sackcloth and ashes.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>So Esther's maids and  
her chamberlains came and told it her. Then was the queen exceedingly grieved;  
and she sent raiment to clothe Mordecai, and to take away his sackcloth from    
him: but he received it not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>    
5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then called Esther for Hatach, one of the king's              
chamberlains, whom he had appointed to attend upon her, and gave him a          
commandment to Mordecai, to know what it was, and why it was.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So Hatach went forth to         
Mordecai unto the street of the city, which was before the king's gate.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Mordecai told him  
of all that had happened unto him, and of the sum of the money that Haman had   
promised to pay to the king's treasuries for the Jews, to destroy them.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Also he gave him the   
copy of the writing of the decree that was given at Shushan to destroy them, to 
shew it unto Esther, and to declare it unto her, and to charge her that she     
should go in unto the king, to make supplication unto him, and to make request  
before him for her people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Hatach came and told Esther the words of Mordecai.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Again Esther spake unto   
Hatach, and gave him commandment unto Mordecai;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>All the king's servants, and the people of   
the king's provinces, do know, that whosoever, whether man or women, shall come 
unto the king into the inner court, who is not called, there is one law of his  
to put him to death, except such to whom the king shall hold out the golden     
sceptre, that he may live: but I have not been called to come in unto the king  
these thirty days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And they told to Mordecai Esther's words.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Mordecai commanded to answer 
Esther, Think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house, more 
than all the Jews.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For if thou altogether holdest thy peace at this time, then shall there  
enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place; but thou and  
thy father's house shall be destroyed: and who knoweth whether thou art come to 
the kingdom for such a time as this?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Esther bade them return Mordecai this      
answer,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Go,  
gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan, and fast ye for me,   
and neither eat nor drink three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will  
fast likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not according to the 
law: and if I perish, I perish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>So Mordecai went his way, and did according to all that      
Esther had commanded him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright   
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B17C005.htm'>Esther 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
