<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C027.htm'>Leviticus 27</A></P><CENTER><H2            
ALIGN=CENTER>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A        
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses in the    
wilderness of Sinai, in the tabernacle of the congregation, on the first day of 
the second month, in the second year after they were come out of the land of    
Egypt, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>
Take ye the sum of all the congregation of the children of Israel, after their  
families, by the house of their fathers, with the number of their names, every  
male by their polls;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>From twenty years old and upward, all that are able to go forth to war   
in Israel: thou and Aaron shall number them by their armies.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And with you there shall be a   
man of every tribe; every one head of the house of his fathers.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are the names of  
the men that shall stand with you: of the tribe of Reuben; Elizur the son of    
Shedeur.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Of    
Simeon; Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Judah; Nahshon the son of Amminadab.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Issachar; Nethaneel 
the son of Zuar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the children of Joseph: of Ephraim; Elishama 
the son of Ammihud: of Manasseh; Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Benjamin; Abidan the son   
of Gideoni.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Of Dan; Ahiezer the son of Ammishaddai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Asher; Pagiel the son of Ocran.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Of Gad; Eliasaph the son  
of Deuel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Of 
Naphtali; Ahira the son of Enan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>   
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>These were the renowned of the congregation, princes of  
the tribes of their fathers, heads of thousands in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses and Aaron took these    
men which are expressed by their names:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And they assembled all the congregation         
together on the first day of the second month, and they declared their          
pedigrees after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the 
number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, by their polls.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>As YHVH commanded    
Moses, so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Reuben,       
Israel's eldest son, by their generations, after their families, by the house   
of their fathers, according to the number of the names, by their polls, every   
male from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to        
war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Those   
that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Reuben, were forty and six     
thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>     
22</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the children of Simeon, by their generations, after their 
families, by the house of their fathers, those that were numbered of them,      
according to the number of the names, by their polls, every male from twenty    
years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of   
them, even of the tribe of Simeon, were fifty and nine thousand and three       
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
the children of Gad, by their generations, after their families, by the house   
of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old   
and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, 
even of the tribe of Gad, were forty and five thousand six hundred and          
fifty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Of    
the children of Judah, by their generations, after their families, by the house 
of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old   
and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, 
even of the tribe of Judah, were threescore and fourteen thousand and six       
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
the children of Issachar, by their generations, after their families, by the    
house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years 
old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, 
even of the tribe of Issachar, were fifty and four thousand and four            
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
the children of Zebulun, by their generations, after their families, by the     
house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty years 
old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, 
even of the tribe of Zebulun, were fifty and seven thousand and four            
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
the children of Joseph, namely, of the children of Ephraim, by their            
generations, after their families, by the house of their fathers, according to  
the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able   
to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Those that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Ephraim, were     
forty thousand and five hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>   
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the children of Manasseh, by their generations, after 
their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the   
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to      
war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Those   
that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Manasseh, were thirty and two  
thousand and two hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>      
36</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the children of Benjamin, by their generations, after     
their families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the   
names, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to      
war;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Those   
that were numbered of them, even of the tribe of Benjamin, were thirty and five 
thousand and four hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>     
38</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the children of Dan, by their generations, after their    
families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names,  
from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were 
numbered of them, even of the tribe of Dan, were threescore and two thousand    
and seven hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Of the children of Asher, by their generations, after their families, by 
the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from twenty   
years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were numbered of   
them, even of the tribe of Asher, were forty and one thousand and five          
hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>Of  
the children of Naphtali, throughout their generations, after their families,   
by the house of their fathers, according to the number of the names, from       
twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth to war;</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Those that were      
numbered of them, even of the tribe of Naphtali, were fifty and three thousand  
and four hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>These are those that were numbered, which Moses and Aaron numbered, and  
the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was for the house of his      
fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
were all those that were numbered of the children of Israel, by the house of    
their fathers, from twenty years old and upward, all that were able to go forth 
to war in Israel;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Even all they that were numbered were six hundred thousand and three     
thousand and five hundred and fifty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Levites after the tribe of their        
fathers were not numbered among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH had spoken unto Moses, saying,</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>Only thou shalt not  
number the tribe of Levi, neither take the sum of them among the children of    
Israel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
thou shalt appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of testimony, and over all   
the vessels thereof, and over all things that belong to it: they shall bear the 
tabernacle, and all the vessels thereof; and they shall minister unto it, and   
shall encamp round about the tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the tabernacle setteth forward, the    
Levites shall take it down: and when the tabernacle is to be pitched, the       
Levites shall set it up: and the stranger that cometh nigh shall be put to      
death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the children of Israel shall pitch their tents, every man by his own camp, and  
every man by his own standard, throughout their hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Levites shall pitch round 
about the tabernacle of testimony, that there be no wrath upon the congregation 
of the children of Israel: and the Levites shall keep the charge of the         
tabernacle of testimony.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel did according to all that YHVH commanded 
Moses, so did they.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by 
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B04C002.htm'>Numbers 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
