<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 12 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C011.htm'>Leviticus 11</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto the children of Israel, saying, If a woman have conceived seed, and born a 
man child: then she shall be unclean seven days; according to the days of the   
separation for her infirmity shall she be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the eighth day the flesh of  
his foreskin shall be circumcised.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>  
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And she shall then continue in the blood of her purifying 
three and thirty days; she shall touch no hallowed thing, nor come into the     
sanctuary, until the days of her purifying be fulfilled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But if she bear a maid child, then  
she shall be unclean two weeks, as in her separation: and she shall continue in 
the blood of her purifying threescore and six days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the days of her purifying  
are fulfilled, for a son, or for a daughter, she shall bring a lamb of the      
first year for a burnt offering, and a young pigeon, or a turtledove, for a sin 
offering, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the         
priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Who    
shall offer it before YHVH, and make an atonement for her; and she shall be     
cleansed from the issue of her blood. This is the law for her that hath born a  
male or a female.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And if she be not able to bring a lamb, then she shall bring two turtles, or 
two young pigeons; the one for the burnt offering, and the other for a sin      
offering: and the priest shall make an atonement for her, and she shall be      
clean.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C013.htm'>Leviticus 13</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
