<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Lamentations of Jeremiah, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B25C003.htm'>Lamentations 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The        
Lamentations of Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>
.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER>  
<H1>Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>How is the gold become dim! how is the most fine gold changed! the  
stones of the sanctuary are poured out in the top of every street.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The precious sons of Zion,  
comparable to fine gold, how are they esteemed as earthen pitchers, the work of 
the hands of the potter!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Even the sea monsters draw out the breast, they give suck to their  
young ones: the daughter of my people is become cruel, like the ostriches in    
the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>The tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for        
thirst: the young children ask bread, and no man breaketh it unto them.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>They that did feed     
delicately are desolate in the streets: they that were brought up in scarlet    
embrace dunghills.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For the punishment of the iniquity of the daughter of my people is       
greater than the punishment of the sin of Sodom, that was overthrown as in a    
moment, and no hands stayed on her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7> 
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Her Nazarites were purer than snow, they were whiter than 
milk, they were more ruddy in body than rubies, their polishing was of          
sapphire:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Their visage is blacker than a coal; they are not known in the streets: their   
skin cleaveth to their bones; it is withered, it is become like a stick.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>They that be      
slain with the sword are better than they that be slain with hunger: for these  
pine away, stricken through for want of the fruits of the field.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The hands of the pitiful  
women have sodden their own children: they were their meat in the destruction   
of the daughter of my people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>  
11</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath accomplished his fury; he hath poured out his      
fierce anger, and hath kindled a fire in Zion, and it hath devoured the         
foundations thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>The kings of the earth, and all the inhabitants of the world, would 
not have believed that the adversary and the enemy should have entered into the 
gates of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>
<TD><P>For the sins of her prophets, and the iniquities of her priests, that    
have shed the blood of the just in the midst of her,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>They have wandered as blind men   
in the streets, they have polluted themselves with blood, so that men could not 
touch their garments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>They cried unto them, Depart ye; it is unclean; depart, depart,     
touch not: when they fled away and wandered, they said among the heathen, They  
shall no more sojourn there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>   
16</H4></TD><TD><P>The anger of YHVH hath divided them; he will no more regard  
them: they respected not the persons of the priests, they favoured not the      
elders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>As   
for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have       
watched for a nation that could not save us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>They hunt our steps, that we cannot go in our   
streets: our end is near, our days are fulfilled; for our end is come.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Our persecutors are  
swifter than the eagles of the heaven: they pursued us upon the mountains, they 
laid wait for us in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The breath of our nostrils, the anointed of YHVH, was    
taken in their pits, of whom we said, Under his shadow we shall live among the  
heathen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Rejoice and be glad, O daughter of Edom, that dwellest in the land of Uz; the   
cup also shall pass through unto thee: thou shalt be drunken, and shalt make    
thyself naked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>The punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished, O daughter of Zion; he     
will no more carry thee away into captivity: he will visit thine iniquity, O    
daughter of Edom; he will discover thy sins.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This      
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B25C005.htm'>Lamentations 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
