<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 26 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C025.htm'>Exodus 25</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 26</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover thou shalt make the tabernacle with ten  
curtains of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet: with cherubim 
of cunning work shalt thou make them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The length of one curtain shall be eight and      
twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the 
curtains shall have one measure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>The five curtains shall be coupled together one to another;   
and other five curtains shall be coupled one to another.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make loops of blue   
upon the edge of the one curtain from the selvedge in the coupling; and         
likewise shalt thou make in the uttermost edge of another curtain, in the       
coupling of the second.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Fifty loops shalt thou make in the one curtain, and fifty loops     
shalt thou make in the edge of the curtain that is in the coupling of the       
second; that the loops may take hold one of another.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make fifty taches of 
gold, and couple the curtains together with the taches: and it shall be one     
tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And thou shalt make curtains of goats' hair to be a covering upon the           
tabernacle: eleven curtains shalt thou make.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The length of one curtain shall be thirty cubits, 
and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and the eleven curtains shall be    
all of one measure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves, and six curtains by   
themselves, and shalt double the sixth curtain in the forefront of the          
tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And thou shalt make fifty loops on the edge of the one curtain that is outmost  
in the coupling, and fifty loops in the edge of the curtain which coupleth the  
second.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
thou shalt make fifty taches of brass, and put the taches into the loops, and   
couple the tent together, that it may be one.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant that remaineth of the        
curtains of the tent, the half curtain that remaineth, shall hang over the      
backside of the tabernacle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>    
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And a cubit on the one side, and a cubit on the other side   
of that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it shall     
hang over the sides of the tabernacle on this side and on that side, to cover   
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou 
shalt make a covering for the tent of rams' skins dyed red, and a covering      
above of badgers' skins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make boards for the tabernacle of shittim wood       
standing up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
Ten cubits shall be the length of a board, and a cubit and a half shall be the  
breadth of one board.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Two tenons shall there be in one board, set in order one against    
another: thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make  
the boards for the tabernacle, twenty boards on the south side southward.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt  
make forty sockets of silver under the twenty boards; two sockets under one     
board for his two tenons, and two sockets under another board for his two       
tenons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
for the second side of the tabernacle on the north side there shall be twenty   
boards:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
their forty sockets of silver; two sockets under one board, and two sockets     
under another board.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And for the sides of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six    
boards.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the two         
sides.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they shall be coupled together beneath, and they shall be coupled together      
above the head of it unto one ring: thus shall it be for them both; they shall  
be for the two corners.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And they shall be eight boards, and their sockets of silver,        
sixteen sockets; two sockets under one board, and two sockets under another     
board.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
thou shalt make bars of shittim wood; five for the boards of the one side of    
the tabernacle,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle, and five   
bars for the boards of the side of the tabernacle, for the two sides            
westward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall reach from end to end.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt  
overlay the boards with gold, and make their rings of gold for places for the   
bars: and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt rear up the        
tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which was showed thee in the        
mount.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
thou shalt make a vail of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen  
of cunning work: with cherubim shall it be made:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt hang it upon four  
pillars of shittim wood overlaid with gold: their hooks shall be of gold, upon  
the four sockets of silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>    
33</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt hang up the vail under the taches, that thou  
mayest bring in thither within the vail the ark of the testimony: and the vail  
shall divide unto you between the holy place and the most holy.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt put the    
mercy seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt set the    
table without the vail, and the candlestick over against the table on the side  
of the tabernacle toward the south: and thou shalt put the table on the north   
side.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
thou shalt make an hanging for the door of the tent, of blue, and purple, and   
scarlet, and fine twined linen, wrought with needlework.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make for the       
hanging five pillars of shittim wood, and overlay them with gold, and their     
hooks shall be of gold: and thou shalt cast five sockets of brass for them.</P> 
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B02C027.htm'>Exodus 27</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
