<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C010.htm'>2nd Kings 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And when Athaliah the mother of Ahaziah saw that her son was dead, she   
arose and destroyed all the seed royal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But Jehosheba, the daughter of king Joram, sister 
of Ahaziah, took Joash the son of Ahaziah, and stole him from among the king's  
sons which were slain; and they hid him, even him and his nurse, in the         
bedchamber from Athaliah, so that he was not slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was with her hid in the      
house of YHVH six years. And Athaliah did reign over the land.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the seventh year Jehoiada   
sent and fetched the rulers over hundreds, with the captains and the guard, and 
brought them to him into the house of YHVH, and made a covenant with them, and  
took an oath of them in the house of YHVH, and showed them the king's son.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he commanded  
them, saying, This is the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you that      
enter in on the sabbath shall even be keepers of the watch of the king's        
house;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And a   
third part shall be at the gate of Sur; and a third part at the gate behind the 
guard: so shall ye keep the watch of the house, that it be not broken down.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And two parts of  
all you that go forth on the sabbath, even they shall keep the watch of the     
house of YHVH about the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>   
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall compass the king round about, every man with his 
weapons in his hand: and he that cometh within the ranges, let him be slain:    
and be ye with the king as he goeth out and as he cometh in.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the captains over the       
hundreds did according to all things that Jehoiada the priest commanded: and    
they took every man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that 
should go out on the sabbath, and came to Jehoiada the priest.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the captains over      
hundreds did the priest give king David's spears and shields, that were in the  
temple of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the guard stood, every man with his weapons in his hand, round about the 
king, from the right corner of the temple to the left corner of the temple,     
along by the altar and the temple.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12> 
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought forth the king's son, and put the crown   
upon him, and gave him the testimony; and they made him king, and anointed him; 
and they clapped their hands, and said, Save the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Athaliah heard the noise 
of the guard and of the people, she came to the people into the temple of       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when she looked, behold, the king stood by a pillar, as the manner was, and the 
princes and the trumpeters by the king, and all the people of the land          
rejoiced, and blew with trumpets: and Athaliah rent her clothes, and cried,     
Treason, Treason.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But Jehoiada the priest commanded the captains of the hundreds, the      
officers of the host, and said unto them, Have her forth without the ranges:    
and him that followeth her kill with the sword. For the priest had said, Let    
her not be slain in the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they laid hands on her; and she went by the 
way by the which the horses came into the king's house: and there was she       
slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Jehoiada made a covenant between YHVH and the king and the people, that they    
should be YHVH's people; between the king also and the people.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the people of the     
land went into the house of Baal, and brake it down; his altars and his images  
brake they in pieces thoroughly, and slew Mattan the priest of Baal before the  
altars. And the priest appointed officers over the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took the rulers    
over hundreds, and the captains, and the guard, and all the people of the land; 
and they brought down the king from the house of YHVH, and came by the way of   
the gate of the guard to the king's house. And he sat on the throne of the      
kings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
all the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was in quiet: and they slew   
Athaliah with the sword beside the king's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Seven years old was Jehoash when  
he began to reign.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B12C012.htm'>2nd Kings 12</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
