<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C004.htm'>Revelation 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written 
within and on the backside, sealed with seven seals.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw a strong angel            
proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the 
seals thereof?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>
And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open   
the book, neither to look thereon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>  
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open  
and to read the book, neither to look thereon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And one of the elders saith unto me, Weep not: 
behold, the Lion of the tribe of Juda, the Root of David, hath prevailed to     
open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst 
of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a   
Lamb as it had been slain, having seven horns and seven eyes, which are the     
seven Spirits of ELOHIYM sent forth into all the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he came and took the book out   
of the right hand of him that sat upon the throne.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had taken the book, the 
four beasts and four and twenty elders fell down before the Lamb, having every  
one of them harps, and golden vials full of odours, which are the prayers of    
saints.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the 
seals thereof: for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to ELOHIYM by thy      
blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people, and nation;</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And hast made us unto our 
ELOHIYM kings and priests: and we shall reign on the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I beheld, and I heard the 
voice of many angels round about the throne and the beasts and the elders: and  
the number of them was ten thousand times ten thousand, and thousands of        
thousands;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Saying with a loud voice, Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power,   
and riches, and wisdom, and strength, and honour, and glory, and blessing.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And every       
creature which is in heaven, and on the earth, and under the earth, and such as 
are in the sea, and all that are in them, heard I saying, Blessing, and honour, 
and glory, and power, be unto him that sitteth upon the throne, and unto the    
Lamb for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the four beasts said, Amen. And the four and twenty elders fell 
down and worshipped him that liveth for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B66C006.htm'>Revelation 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
