<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C019.htm'>Joshua 19</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
YHVH also spake unto Joshua, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak to the children of Israel, saying, Appoint out for  
you cities of refuge, whereof I spake unto you by the hand of Moses:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>That the slayer that   
killeth any person unawares and unwittingly may flee thither: and they shall be 
your refuge from the avenger of blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he that doth flee unto one of those      
cities shall stand at the entering of the gate of the city, and shall declare   
his cause in the ears of the elders of that city, they shall take him into the  
city unto them, and give him a place, that he may dwell among them.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the avenger of  
blood pursue after him, then they shall not deliver the slayer up into his      
hand; because he smote his neighbor unwittingly, and hated him not              
beforetime.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he shall dwell in that city, until he stand before the congregation for     
judgment, and until the death of the high priest that shall be in those days:   
then shall the slayer return, and come unto his own city, and unto his own      
house, unto the city from whence he fled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they appointed Kedesh in Galilee in mount     
Naphtali, and Shechem in mount Ephraim, and Kirjatharba, which is Hebron, in    
the mountain of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And on the other side Jordan by Jericho eastward, they assigned     
Bezer in the wilderness upon the plain out of the tribe of Reuben, and Ramoth   
in Gilead out of the tribe of Gad, and Golan in Bashan out of the tribe of      
Manasseh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>     
These were the cities appointed for all the children of Israel, and for the     
stranger that sojourneth among them, that whosoever killeth any person at       
unawares might flee thither, and not die by the hand of the avenger of blood,   
until he stood before the congregation.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software  
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B06C021.htm'>Joshua 21</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
