<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Moses, called Genesis, Chapter 47 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B01C046.htm'>Genesis 46</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The First Book of Moses, called Genesis</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 47</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Joseph came and told Pharaoh, and said, My   
father and my brethren, and their flocks, and their herds, and all that they    
have, are come out of the land of Canaan; and, behold, they are in the land of  
Goshen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
took some of his brethren, even five men, and presented them unto Pharaoh.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh said  
unto his brethren, What is your occupation? And they said unto Pharaoh, Thy     
servants are shepherds, both we, and also our fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>They said moreover unto Pharaoh,    
For to sojourn in the land are we come; for thy servants have no pasture for    
their flocks; for the famine is sore in the land of Canaan: now therefore, we   
pray thee, let thy servants dwell in the land of Goshen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh spake unto Joseph,      
saying, Thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>The land of Egypt is before thee;   
in the best of the land make thy father and brethren to dwell; in the land of   
Goshen let them dwell: and if thou knowest any men of activity among them, then 
make them rulers over my cattle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph brought in Jacob his father, and set him before    
Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8> 
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pharaoh said unto Jacob, How old art thou?</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jacob said unto    
Pharaoh, The days of the years of my pilgrimage are an hundred and thirty       
years: few and evil have the days of the years of my life been, and have not    
attained unto the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of    
their pilgrimage.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Jacob blessed Pharaoh, and went out from before Pharaoh.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph placed    
his father and his brethren, and gave them a possession in the land of Egypt,   
in the best of the land, in the land of Rameses, as Pharaoh had commanded.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph      
nourished his father, and his brethren, and all his father's household, with    
bread, according to their families.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was no bread in all the land; for the famine   
was very sore, so that the land of Egypt and all the land of Canaan fainted by  
reason of the famine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Joseph gathered up all the money that was found in the land of  
Egypt, and in the land of Canaan, for the corn which they bought: and Joseph    
brought the money into Pharaoh's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And when money failed in the land of Egypt, and 
in the land of Canaan, all the Egyptians came unto Joseph, and said, Give us    
bread: for why should we die in thy presence? for the money faileth.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph said,     
Give your cattle; and I will give you for your cattle, if money fail.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought     
their cattle unto Joseph: and Joseph gave them bread in exchange for horses,    
and for the flocks, and for the cattle of the herds, and for the asses: and he  
fed them with bread for all their cattle for that year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>When that year was ended, they    
came unto him the second year, and said unto him, We will not hide it from my   
lord, how that our money is spent; my lord also hath our herds of cattle; there 
is not ought left in the sight of my lord, but our bodies, and our lands:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore shall 
we die before thine eyes, both we and our land? buy us and our land for bread,  
and we and our land will be servants unto Pharaoh: and give us seed, that we    
may live, and not die, that the land be not desolate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph bought all the land of 
Egypt for Pharaoh; for the Egyptians sold every man his field, because the      
famine prevailed over them: so the land became Pharaoh's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And as for the people, he removed 
them to cities from one end of the borders of Egypt even to the other end       
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Only the land of the priests bought he not; for the priests had a portion       
assigned them of Pharaoh, and did eat their portion which Pharaoh gave them:    
wherefore they sold not their lands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Joseph said unto the people, Behold, I     
have bought you this day and your land for Pharaoh: lo, here is seed for you,   
and ye shall sow the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>     
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass in the increase, that ye shall     
give the fifth part unto Pharaoh, and four parts shall be your own, for seed of 
the field, and for your food, and for them of your households, and for food for 
your little ones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And they said, Thou hast saved our lives: let us find grace in the sight 
of my lord, and we will be Pharaoh's servants.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joseph made it a law over the land of    
Egypt unto this day, that Pharaoh should have the fifth part, except the land   
of the priests only, which became not Pharaoh's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel dwelt in the land of   
Egypt, in the country of Goshen; and they had possessions therein, and grew,    
and multiplied exceedingly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>    
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jacob lived in the land of Egypt seventeen years: so the 
whole age of Jacob was an hundred forty and seven years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And the time drew nigh that       
Israel must die: and he called his son Joseph, and said unto him, If now I have 
found grace in thy sight, put, I pray thee, thy hand under my thigh, and deal   
kindly and truly with me; bury me not, I pray thee, in Egypt:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will lie with my        
fathers, and thou shalt carry me out of Egypt, and bury me in their             
buryingplace. And he said, I will do as thou hast said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Swear unto me. And   
he sware unto him. And Israel bowed himself upon the bed's head.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B01C048.htm'>Genesis 48</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
