<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C018.htm'>Isaiah 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The burden of Egypt. Behold, YHVH rideth upon a swift cloud,  
and shall come into Egypt: and the idols of Egypt shall be moved at his         
presence, and the heart of Egypt shall melt in the midst of it.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set the          
Egyptians against the Egyptians: and they shall fight every one against his     
brother, and every one against his neighbour; city against city, and kingdom    
against kingdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the spirit of Egypt shall fail in the midst thereof; and I will destroy  
the counsel thereof: and they shall seek to the idols, and to the charmers, and 
to them that have familiar spirits, and to the wizards.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Egyptians will I give over  
into the hand of a cruel lord; and a fierce king shall rule over them, saith    
the ADOWN, YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the waters shall fail from the sea, and the river shall be      
wasted and dried up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And they shall turn the rivers far away; and the brooks of defence shall 
be emptied and dried up: the reeds and flags shall wither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>The paper reeds by the brooks, by   
the mouth of the brooks, and every thing sown by the brooks, shall wither, be   
driven away, and be no more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>    
8</H4></TD><TD><P>The fishers also shall mourn, and all they that cast angle    
into the brooks shall lament, and they that spread nets upon the waters shall   
languish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Moreover they that work in fine flax, and they that weave networks, shall be    
confounded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And they shall be broken in the purposes thereof, all that make sluices and     
ponds for fish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Surely the princes of Zoan are fools, the counsel of the wise counsellors of 
Pharaoh is become brutish: how say ye unto Pharaoh, I am the son of the wise,   
the son of ancient kings?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>      
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Where are they? where are thy wise men? and let them tell    
thee now, and let them know what YHVH of hosts hath purposed upon Egypt.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The princes of  
Zoan are become fools, the princes of Noph are deceived; they have also seduced 
Egypt, even they that are the stay of the tribes thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath mingled a perverse      
spirit in the midst thereof: and they have caused Egypt to err in every work    
thereof, as a drunken man staggereth in his vomit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shall there be any work   
for Egypt, which the head or tail, branch or rush, may do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day shall Egypt be like   
unto women: and it shall be afraid and fear because of the shaking of the hand  
of YHVH of hosts, which he shaketh over it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land of Judah shall be a terror unto    
Egypt, every one that maketh mention thereof shall be afraid in himself,        
because of the counsel of YHVH of hosts, which he hath determined against       
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>In that  
day shall five cities in the land of Egypt speak the language of Canaan, and    
swear to YHVH of hosts; one shall be called, The city of destruction.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day shall    
there be an altar to YHVH in the midst of the land of Egypt, and a pillar at    
the border thereof to YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>    
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be for a sign and for a witness unto YHVH of    
hosts in the land of Egypt: for they shall cry unto YHVH because of the         
oppressors, and he shall send them a saviour, and a great one, and he shall     
deliver them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And YHVH shall be known to Egypt, and the Egyptians shall know YHVH in that  
day, and shall do sacrifice and oblation; yea, they shall vow a vow unto YHVH,  
and perform it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And YHVH shall smite Egypt: he shall smite and heal it: and they shall       
return even to YHVH, and he shall be intreated of them, and shall heal them.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day     
shall there be a highway out of Egypt to Assyria, and the Assyrian shall come   
into Egypt, and the Egyptian into Assyria, and the Egyptians shall serve with   
the Assyrians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>In that day shall Israel be the third with Egypt and with Assyria, even a    
blessing in the midst of the land:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25> 
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Whom YHVH of hosts shall bless, saying, Blessed be Egypt 
my people, and Assyria the work of my hands, and Israel mine inheritance.</P>   
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C020.htm'>Isaiah 20</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
