<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B37C002.htm'>Haggai 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>  
The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to 
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the eighth month, in the second year of Darius, came the   
word of YHVH unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo the prophet, 
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH   
hath been sore displeased with your fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore say thou unto them, Thus saith YHVH of  
hosts; Turn ye unto me, saith YHVH of hosts, and I will turn unto you, saith    
YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>
Be ye not as your fathers, unto whom the former prophets have cried, saying,    
Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Turn ye now from your evil ways, and from your evil   
doings: but they did not hear, nor hearken unto me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Your fathers, where are     
they? and the prophets, do they live for ever?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But my words and my statutes, which I          
commanded my servants the prophets, did they not take hold of your fathers? and 
they returned and said, Like as YHVH of hosts thought to do unto us, according  
to our ways, and according to our doings, so hath he dealt with us.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Upon the four and      
twentieth day of the eleventh month, which is the month Sebat, in the second    
year of Darius, came the word of YHVH unto Zechariah, the son of Berechiah, the 
son of Iddo the prophet, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>I saw by night, and behold a man riding upon a red horse, and 
he stood among the myrtle trees that were in the bottom; and behind him were    
there red horses, speckled, and white.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said I, O my lord, what are these? And the   
angel that talked with me said unto me, I will shew thee what these be.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man that     
stood among the myrtle trees answered and said, These are they whom YHVH hath   
sent to walk to and fro through the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they answered the angel of YHVH that stood  
among the myrtle trees, and said, We have walked to and fro through the earth,  
and, behold, all the earth sitteth still, and is at rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the angel of YHVH answered   
and said, O YHVH of hosts, how long wilt thou not have mercy on Jerusalem and   
on the cities of Judah, against which thou hast had indignation these           
threescore and ten years?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>      
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH answered the angel that talked with me with good    
words and comfortable words.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>So the angel that communed with me said unto me, Cry thou,   
saying, Thus saith YHVH of hosts; I am jealous for Jerusalem and for Zion with  
a great jealousy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I   
was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith 
YHVH; I am returned to Jerusalem with mercies: my house shall be built in it,   
saith YHVH of hosts, and a line shall be stretched forth upon Jerusalem.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Cry yet,        
saying, Thus saith YHVH of hosts; My cities through prosperity shall yet be     
spread abroad; and YHVH shall yet comfort Zion, and shall yet choose            
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then lifted I up mine eyes, and saw, and behold four horns.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I said unto the angel     
that talked with me, What be these? And he answered me, These are the horns     
which have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shewed me four           
carpenters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then said I, What come these to do? And he spake, saying, These are the horns   
which have scattered Judah, so that no man did lift up his head: but these are  
come to fray them, to cast out the horns of the Gentiles, which lifted up their 
horn over the land of Judah to scatter it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B38C002.htm'>Zechariah 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
