<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Moses, called Genesis, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B01C018.htm'>Genesis 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The First Book of Moses, called Genesis</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came two angels to Sodom at even; and   
Lot sat in the gate of Sodom: and Lot seeing them rose up to meet them; and he  
bowed himself with his face toward the ground;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Behold now, my lords, turn in, I  
pray you, into your servant's house, and tarry all night, and wash your feet,   
and ye shall rise up early, and go on your ways. And they said, Nay; but we     
will abide in the street all night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he pressed upon them greatly; and they turned in unto 
him, and entered into his house; and he made them a feast, and did bake         
unleavened bread, and they did eat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4> 
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But before they lay down, the men of the city, even the   
men of Sodom, compassed the house round, both old and young, all the people     
from every quarter:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And they called unto Lot, and said unto him, Where are the men which     
came in to thee this night? bring them out unto us, that we may know them.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Lot went out  
at the door unto them, and shut the door after him,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And said, I pray you, brethren, do  
not so wickedly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Behold now, I have two daughters which have not known man; let me, I pray    
you, bring them out unto you, and do ye to them as is good in your eyes: only   
unto these men do nothing; for therefore came they under the shadow of my       
roof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they 
said, Stand back. And they said again, This one fellow came in to sojourn, and  
he will needs be a judge: now will we deal worse with thee, than with them. And 
they pressed sore upon the man, even Lot, and came near to break the door.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But the men put 
forth their hand, and pulled Lot into the house to them, and shut to the        
door.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
they smote the men that were at the door of the house with blindness, both      
small and great: so that they wearied themselves to find the door.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men said unto     
Lot, Hast thou here any besides? son in law, and thy sons, and thy daughters,   
and whatsoever thou hast in the city, bring them out of this place:</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For we will destroy  
this place, because the cry of them is waxen great before the face of YHVH; and 
YHVH hath sent us to destroy it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Lot went out, and spake unto his sons in law, which  
married his daughters, and said, Up, get you out of this place; for YHVH will   
destroy this city. But he seemed as one that mocked unto his sons in law.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the    
morning arose, then the angels hastened Lot, saying, Arise, take thy wife, and  
thy two daughters, which are here; lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the 
city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand, and upon the hand of his    
wife, and upon the hand of his two daughters; YHVH being merciful unto him: and 
they brought him forth, and set him without the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when they    
had brought them forth abroad, that he said, Escape for thy life; look not      
behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the mountain, lest   
thou be consumed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold now, thy servant hath      
found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou hast    
showed unto me in saving my life; and I cannot escape to the mountain, lest     
some evil take me, and I die:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>  
20</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold now, this city is near to flee unto, and it is a      
little one: Oh, let me escape thither, (is it not a little one?) and my soul    
shall live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And he said unto him, See, I have accepted thee concerning this thing also,     
that I will not overthrow this city, for the which thou hast spoken.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Haste thee, escape   
thither; for I cannot do anything till thou be come thither. Therefore the name 
of the city was called Zoar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>   
23</H4></TD><TD><P>The sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered into       
Zoar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
YHVH rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from YHVH out of    
heaven;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he overthrew those cities, and all the plain, and all the inhabitants of the    
cities, and that which grew upon the ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But his wife looked back from behind him, and   
she became a pillar of salt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>   
27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where   
he stood before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, and toward all the land of 
the plain, and beheld, and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke   
of a furnace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And it came to pass, when ELOHIYM destroyed the cities of the plain, that    
ELOHIYM remembered Abraham, and sent Lot out of the midst of the overthrow,     
when he overthrew the cities in the which Lot dwelt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Lot went up out of Zoar, and  
dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell   
in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the firstborn said unto the   
younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto 
us after the manner of all the earth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we 
will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And they made their father    
drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and  
he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the        
morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight     
with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and 
lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And they made their father drink  
wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived 
not when she lay down, nor when she arose.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child  
by their father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the first born bare a son, and called his name Moab: the same is the 
father of the Moabites unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And the younger, she also bare a son, and       
called his name Benammi: the same is the father of the children of Ammon unto   
this day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B01C020.htm'>Genesis 20</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
