<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Epistle of Peter, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James    
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B61C001.htm'>2nd Peter 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Epistle of Peter</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>   
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But there were false prophets also among the people, even as there shall 
be false teachers among you, who privily shall bring in damnable heresies, even 
denying the ADONAY that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift            
destruction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And many shall follow their pernicious ways; by reason of whom the way of truth 
shall be evil spoken of.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And through covetousness shall they with feigned words make         
merchandise of you: whose judgment now of a long time lingereth not, and their  
damnation slumbereth not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For if ELOHIYM spared not the angels that sinned, but cast them     
down to hell, and delivered them into chains of darkness, to be reserved unto   
judgment;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
spared not the old world, but saved Noah the eighth person, a preacher of       
righteousness, bringing in the flood upon the world of the ungodly;</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And turning the cities 
of Sodom and Gomorrha into ashes condemned them with an overthrow, making them  
an ensample unto those that after should live ungodly;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And delivered just Lot, vexed with  
the filthy conversation of the wicked:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>(For that righteous man dwelling among them, in   
seeing and hearing, vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their         
unlawful deeds;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>YHVH knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the 
unjust unto the day of judgment to be punished:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But chiefly them that walk after the flesh   
in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they,      
selfwilled, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignities.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Whereas angels, which are     
greater in power and might, bring not railing accusation against them before    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
these, as natural brute beasts, made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of   
the things that they understand not; and shall utterly perish in their own      
corruption;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they that count it pleasure 
to riot in the day time. Spots they are and blemishes, sporting themselves with 
their own deceivings while they feast with you;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Having eyes full of adultery, and that       
cannot cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls: an heart they have exercised   
with covetous practices; cursed children:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone 
astray, following the way of Balaam the son of Bosor, who loved the wages of    
unrighteousness;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But was rebuked for his iniquity: the dumb ass speaking with man's voice 
forbad the madness of the prophet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>These are wells without water, clouds that are carried   
with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For when they speak great 
swelling words of vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh, through   
much wantonness, those that were clean escaped from them who live in error.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>While they      
promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption: for of    
whom a man is overcome, of the same is he brought in bondage.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For if after they have        
escaped the pollutions of the world through the knowledge of the ADONAY and     
Saviour YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, they are again entangled therein, and overcome, the  
latter end is worse with them than the beginning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For it had been better for them   
not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after they have known it, to  
turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>But it is happened unto them      
according to the true proverb, The dog is turned to his own vomit again; and    
the sow that was washed to her wallowing in the mire.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B61C003.htm'>2nd Peter 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
