<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C002.htm'>Joshua 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Joshua rose early in the morning; and they removed from Shittim, and came   
to Jordan, he and all the children of Israel, and lodged there before they      
passed over.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it came to pass after three days, that the officers went through the        
host;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they 
commanded the people, saying, When ye see the ark of the covenant of YHVH your  
ELOHIYM, and the priests the Levites bearing it, then ye shall remove from your 
place, and go after it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Yet there shall be a space between you and it, about two thousand   
cubits by measure: come not near unto it, that ye may know the way by which ye  
must go: for ye have not passed this way heretofore.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said unto the people,    
Sanctify yourselves: for to morrow YHVH will do wonders among you.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua spake unto the   
priests, saying, Take up the ark of the covenant, and pass over before the      
people. And they took up the ark of the covenant, and went before the           
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
YHVH said unto Joshua, This day will I begin to magnify thee in the sight of    
all Israel, that they may know that, as I was with Moses, so I will be with     
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou 
shalt command the priests that bear the ark of the covenant, saying, When ye    
are come to the brink of the water of Jordan, ye shall stand still in           
Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Joshua said unto the children of Israel, Come hither, and hear the words of     
YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Joshua said, Hereby ye shall know that the living EL is among you,   
and that he will without fail drive out from before you the Canaanites, and the 
Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the     
Amorites, and the Jebusites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the ark of the covenant of the ADOWN of all the      
earth passeth over before you into Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore take you twelve men out of the    
tribes of Israel, out of every tribe a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, as soon as the soles 
of the feet of the priests that bear the ark of YHVH, the ADOWN of all the      
earth, shall rest in the waters of Jordan, that the waters of Jordan shall be   
cut off from the waters that come down from above; and they shall stand upon an 
heap.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
came to pass, when the people removed from their tents, to pass over Jordan,    
and the priests bearing the ark of the covenant before the people;</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And as they that bare the 
ark were come unto Jordan, and the feet of the priests that bare the ark were   
dipped in the brim of the water, (for Jordan overfloweth all his banks all the  
time of harvest,)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>That the waters which came down from above stood and rose up upon an     
heap very far from the city Adam, that is beside Zaretan: and those that came   
down toward the sea of the plain, even the salt sea, failed, and were cut off:  
and the people passed over right against Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priests that bare the ark 
of the covenant of YHVH stood firm on dry ground in the midst of Jordan, and    
all the Israelites passed over on dry ground, until all the people were passed  
clean over Jordan.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C004.htm'>Joshua 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
