<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 3 - Sacred    
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C002.htm'>Deuteronomy 2</A></P><CENTER>   
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then we turned, and went up the way 
to Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan came out against us, he and all his        
people, to battle at Edrei.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>     
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto me, Fear him not: for I will deliver him,  
and all his people, and his land, into thy hand; and thou shalt do unto him as  
thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>So YHVH our ELOHIYM    
delivered into our hands Og also, the king of Bashan, and all his people: and   
we smote him until none was left to him remaining.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And we took all his cities at that  
time, there was not a city which we took not from them, threescore cities, all  
the region of Argob, the kingdom of Og in Bashan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>All these cities were fenced with   
high walls, gates, and bars; beside unwalled towns a great many.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And we utterly destroyed    
them, as we did unto Sihon king of Heshbon, utterly destroying the men, women,  
and children, of every city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>    
7</H4></TD><TD><P>But all the cattle, and the spoil of the cities, we took for  
a prey to ourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And we took at that time out of the hand of the two kings of the         
Amorites the land that was on this side Jordan, from the river of Arnon unto    
mount Hermon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P> 
(Which Hermon the Sidonians call Sirion; and the Amorites call it Shenir;)</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>All the cities  
of the plain, and all Gilead, and all Bashan, unto Salchah and Edrei, cities of 
the kingdom of Og in Bashan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>For only Og king of Bashan remained of the remnant of        
giants; behold his bedstead was a bedstead of iron; is it not in Rabbath of the 
children of Ammon? nine cubits was the length thereof, and four cubits the      
breadth of it, after the cubit of a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And this land, which we possessed at that time, 
from Aroer, which is by the river Arnon, and half mount Gilead, and the cities  
thereof, gave I unto the Reubenites and to the Gadites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the rest of Gilead, and all   
Bashan, being the kingdom of Og, gave I unto the half tribe of Manasseh; all    
the region of Argob, with all Bashan, which was called the land of giants.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Jair the son of 
Manasseh took all the country of Argob unto the coasts of Geshuri and           
Maachathi; and called them after his own name, Bashanhavothjair, unto this      
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And I   
gave Gilead unto Machir.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And unto the Reubenites and unto the Gadites I gave from Gilead     
even unto the river Arnon half the valley, and the border even unto the river   
Jabbok, which is the border of the children of Ammon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>The plain also, and Jordan, and   
the coast thereof, from Chinnereth even unto the sea of the plain, even the     
salt sea, under Ashdothpisgah eastward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And I commanded you at that time, saying, YHVH  
your ELOHIYM hath given you this land to possess it: ye shall pass over armed   
before your brethren the children of Israel, all that are meet for the war.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But your wives, 
and your little ones, and your cattle, (for I know that ye have much cattle,)   
shall abide in your cities which I have given you;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Until YHVH have given rest unto   
your brethren, as well as unto you, and until they also possess the land which  
YHVH your ELOHIYM hath given them beyond Jordan: and then shall ye return every 
man unto his possession, which I have given you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And I commanded Joshua at that    
time, saying, Thine eyes have seen all that YHVH your ELOHIYM hath done unto    
these two kings: so shall YHVH do unto all the kingdoms whither thou            
passest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye  
shall not fear them: for YHVH your ELOHIYM he shall fight for you.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And I besought YHVH at    
that time, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>O ADONAY YHVH, thou hast begun to show thy servant thy greatness, and    
thy mighty hand: for what EL is there in heaven or in earth, that can do        
according to thy works, and according to thy might?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>I pray thee, let me go over, and  
see the good land that is beyond Jordan, that goodly mountain, and Lebanon.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH was    
wroth with me for your sakes, and would not hear me: and YHVH said unto me, Let 
it suffice thee; speak no more unto me of this matter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Get thee up into the top of       
Pisgah, and lift up thine eyes westward, and northward, and southward, and      
eastward, and behold it with thine eyes: for thou shalt not go over this        
Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
charge Joshua, and encourage him, and strengthen him: for he shall go over      
before this people, and he shall cause them to inherit the land which thou      
shalt see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>  
So we abode in the valley over against Bethpeor.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This  
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B05C004.htm'>Deuteronomy 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
