<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 13 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C012.htm'>Deuteronomy 12</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>If there arise among you a      
prophet, or a dreamer of dreams, and giveth thee a sign or a wonder,</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sign or the    
wonder come to pass, whereof he spake unto thee, saying, Let us go after other  
gods, which thou hast not known, and let us serve them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not hearken unto the     
words of that prophet, or that dreamer of dreams: for YHVH your ELOHIYM proveth 
you, to know whether ye love YHVH your ELOHIYM with all your heart and with all 
your soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye  
shall walk after YHVH your ELOHIYM, and fear him, and keep his commandments,    
and obey his voice, and ye shall serve him, and cleave unto him.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And that prophet, or that   
dreamer of dreams, shall be put to death; because he hath spoken to turn you    
away from YHVH your ELOHIYM, which brought you out of the land of Egypt, and    
redeemed you out of the house of bondage, to thrust thee out of the way which   
YHVH thy ELOHIYM commanded thee to walk in. So shalt thou put the evil away     
from the midst of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>If thy brother, the son of thy mother, or thy son, or thy daughter, 
or the wife of thy bosom, or thy friend, which is as thine own soul, entice     
thee secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which thou hast not      
known, thou, nor thy fathers;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Namely, of the gods of the people which are round about you,  
nigh unto thee, or far off from thee, from the one end of the earth even unto   
the other end of the earth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>     
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not consent unto him, nor hearken unto him;        
neither shall thine eye pity him, neither shalt thou spare, neither shalt thou  
conceal him:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But thou shalt surely kill him; thine hand shall be first upon him to put him   
to death, and afterwards the hand of all the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt stone him with     
stones, that he die; because he hath sought to thrust thee away from YHVH thy   
ELOHIYM, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of         
bondage.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
all Israel shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more any such wickedness as    
this is among you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>If thou shalt hear say in one of thy cities, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath 
given thee to dwell there, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13> 
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Certain men, the children of Belial, are gone out from   
among you, and have withdrawn the inhabitants of their city, saying, Let us go  
and serve other gods, which ye have not known;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou inquire, and make search,    
and ask diligently; and, behold, if it be truth, and the thing certain, that    
such abomination is wrought among you;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt surely smite the inhabitants of that 
city with the edge of the sword, destroying it utterly, and all that is         
therein, and the cattle thereof, with the edge of the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt gather all the 
spoil of it into the midst of the street thereof, and shalt burn with fire the  
city, and all the spoil thereof every whit, for YHVH thy ELOHIYM: and it shall  
be an heap for ever; it shall not be built again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And there shall cleave nought of  
the cursed thing to thine hand: that YHVH may turn from the fierceness of his   
anger, and show thee mercy, and have compassion upon thee, and multiply thee,   
as he hath sworn unto thy fathers;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18> 
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>When thou shalt hearken to the voice of YHVH thy         
ELOHIYM, to keep all his commandments which I command thee this day, to do that 
which is right in the eyes of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This   
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B05C014.htm'>Deuteronomy 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
