<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 16 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C015.htm'>Leviticus 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses after 
the death of the two sons of Aaron, when they offered before YHVH, and died;</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said     
unto Moses, Speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into    
the holy place within the vail before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark;    
that he die not: for I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shall Aaron come  
into the holy place: with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a   
burnt offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the linen breeches    
upon his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and with the linen     
mitre shall he be attired: these are holy garments; therefore shall he wash his 
flesh in water, and so put them on.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take of the congregation of the children of  
Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt        
offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Aaron shall offer his bullock of the sin offering, which is for himself, and    
make an atonement for himself, and for his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take the two goats,    
and present them before YHVH at the door of the tabernacle of the               
congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats; one lot for YHVH, and the other   
lot for the scapegoat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which YHVH's lot fell, and      
offer him for a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>But the goat, on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat,     
shall be presented alive before YHVH, to make an atonement with him, and to let 
him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron shall bring the bullock of the sin    
offering, which is for himself, and shall make an atonement for himself, and    
for his house, and shall kill the bullock of the sin offering which is for      
himself:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he shall take a censer full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before  
YHVH, and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the 
vail:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
shall put the incense upon the fire before YHVH, that the cloud of the incense  
may cover the mercy seat that is upon the testimony, that he die not:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take of 
the blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat   
eastward; and before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle of the blood with his     
finger seven times.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then shall he kill the goat of the sin offering, that is for the people, 
and bring his blood within the vail, and do with that blood as he did with the  
blood of the bullock, and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat, and before the mercy 
seat:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanness of the   
children of Israel, and because of their transgressions in all their sins: and  
so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation, that remaineth among     
them in the midst of their uncleanness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And there shall be no man in the tabernacle of  
the congregation when he goeth in to make an atonement in the holy place, until 
he come out, and have made an atonement for himself, and for his household, and 
for all the congregation of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall go out unto the altar that is before YHVH,  
and make an atonement for it; and shall take of the blood of the bullock, and   
of the blood of the goat, and put it upon the horns of the altar round          
about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he shall sprinkle of the blood upon it with his finger seven times, and cleanse 
it, and hallow it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he hath made an  
end of reconciling the holy place, and the tabernacle of the congregation, and  
the altar, he shall bring the live goat:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron shall lay both his hands upon the     
head of the live goat, and confess over him all the iniquities of the children  
of Israel, and all their transgressions in all their sins, putting them upon    
the head of the goat, and shall send him away by the hand of a fit man into the 
wilderness:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a land not           
inhabited: and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron shall come into the     
tabernacle of the congregation, and shall put off the linen garments, which he  
put on when he went into the holy place, and shall leave them there:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall wash    
his flesh with water in the holy place, and put on his garments, and come       
forth, and offer his burnt offering, and the burnt offering of the people, and  
make an atonement for himself, and for the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fat of the sin offering   
shall he burn upon the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>  
26</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that let go the goat for the scapegoat shall wash his 
clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and afterward come into the camp.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the bullock 
for the sin offering, and the goat for the sin offering, whose blood was        
brought in to make atonement in the holy place, shall one carry forth without   
the camp; and they shall burn in the fire their skins, and their flesh, and     
their dung.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And he that burneth them shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water,  
and afterward he shall come into the camp.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And this shall be a statute for ever unto you:  
that in the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, ye shall afflict your 
souls, and do no work at all, whether it be one of your own country, or a       
stranger that sojourneth among you:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30>
<H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for   
you, to cleanse you, that ye may be clean from all your sins before YHVH.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall be a   
sabbath of rest unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls, by a statute for     
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the priest, whom he shall anoint, and whom he shall consecrate to minister in   
the priest's office in his father's stead, shall make the atonement, and shall  
put on the linen clothes, even the holy garments:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall make an atonement    
for the holy sanctuary, and he shall make an atonement for the tabernacle of    
the congregation, and for the altar, and he shall make an atonement for the     
priests, and for all the people of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And this shall be an everlasting  
statute unto you, to make an atonement for the children of Israel for all their 
sins once a year. And he did as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B03C017.htm'>Leviticus 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
