<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C006.htm'>Daniel 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>In the first year of Belshazzar king of Babylon Daniel had a dream and   
visions of his head upon his bed: then he wrote the dream, and told the sum of  
the matters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Daniel spake and said, I saw in my vision by night, and, behold, the four winds 
of the heaven strove upon the great sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And four great beasts came up from the sea,       
diverse one from another.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>The first was like a lion, and had eagle's wings: I beheld till the 
wings thereof were plucked, and it was lifted up from the earth, and made stand 
upon the feet as a man, and a man's heart was given to it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And behold another beast, a second, 
like to a bear, and it raised up itself on one side, and it had three ribs in   
the mouth of it between the teeth of it: and they said thus unto it, Arise,     
devour much flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>After this I beheld, and lo another, like a leopard, which had upon the  
back of it four wings of a fowl; the beast had also four heads; and dominion    
was given to it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>After this I saw in the night visions, and behold a fourth beast, dreadful   
and terrible, and strong exceedingly; and it had great iron teeth: it devoured  
and brake in pieces, and stamped the residue with the feet of it: and it was    
diverse from all the beasts that were before it; and it had ten horns.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>I considered the       
horns, and, behold, there came up among them another little horn, before whom   
there were three of the first horns plucked up by the roots: and, behold, in    
this horn were eyes like the eyes of man, and a mouth speaking great things.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>I beheld till the 
thrones were cast down, and the Ancient of days did sit, whose garment was      
white as snow, and the hair of his head like the pure wool: his throne was like 
the fiery flame, and his wheels as burning fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>A fiery stream issued and came    
forth from before him: thousand thousands ministered unto him, and ten thousand 
times ten thousand stood before him: the judgment was set, and the books were   
opened.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>I    
beheld then because of the voice of the great words which the horn spake: I     
beheld even till the beast was slain, and his body destroyed, and given to the  
burning flame.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>As concerning the rest of the beasts, they had their dominion taken away:    
yet their lives were prolonged for a season and time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>I saw in the night visions, and,  
behold, one like the Son of man came with the clouds of heaven, and came to the 
Ancient of days, and they brought him near before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was given him dominion, 
and glory, and a kingdom, that all people, nations, and languages, should serve 
him: his dominion is an everlasting dominion, which shall not pass away, and    
his kingdom that which shall not be destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>I Daniel was grieved in my spirit in the     
midst of my body, and the visions of my head troubled me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>I came near unto one of them that 
stood by, and asked him the truth of all this. So he told me, and made me know  
the interpretation of the things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>  
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>These great beasts, which are four, are four kings,      
which shall arise out of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But the saints of the ELYOWN shall take the kingdom, and 
possess the kingdom for ever, even for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I would know the truth of    
the fourth beast, which was diverse from all the others, exceeding dreadful,    
whose teeth were of iron, and his nails of brass; which devoured, brake in      
pieces, and stamped the residue with his feet;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And of the ten horns that were in his head,  
and of the other which came up, and before whom three fell; even of that horn   
that had eyes, and a mouth that spake very great things, whose look was more    
stout than his fellows.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>I beheld, and the same horn made war with the saints, and prevailed 
against them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Until the Ancient of days came, and judgment was given to the saints of the  
ELYOWN; and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus he said, The fourth  
beast shall be the fourth kingdom upon earth, which shall be diverse from all   
kingdoms, and shall devour the whole earth, and shall tread it down, and break  
it in pieces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the ten horns out of this kingdom are ten kings that shall arise: and    
another shall rise after them; and he shall be diverse from the first, and he   
shall subdue three kings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>      
25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall speak great words against the ELYOWN, and shall 
wear out the saints of the ELYOWN, and think to change times and laws: and they 
shall be given into his hand until a time and times and the dividing of         
time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
the judgment shall sit, and they shall take away his dominion, to consume and   
to destroy it unto the end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>    
27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the kingdom and dominion, and the greatness of the       
kingdom under the whole heaven, shall be given to the people of the saints of   
the ELYOWN, whose kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and all dominions shall    
serve and obey him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Hitherto is the end of the matter. As for me Daniel, my cogitations much 
troubled me, and my countenance changed in me: but I kept the matter in my      
heart.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C008.htm'>Daniel 8</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
