<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 49 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C048.htm'>Isaiah 48</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 49</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Listen, O isles, unto me; and hearken, ye people, from far;   
YHVH hath called me from the womb; from the bowels of my mother hath he made    
mention of my name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he hath made my mouth like a sharp sword; in the shadow of his hand  
hath he hid me, and made me a polished shaft; in his quiver hath he hid me;</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto me, 
Thou art my servant, O Israel, in whom I will be glorified.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I said, I have laboured in 
vain, I have spent my strength for nought, and in vain: yet surely my judgment  
is with YHVH, and my work with my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, saith YHVH that formed me from the womb  
to be his servant, to bring Jacob again to him, Though Israel be not gathered,  
yet shall I be glorious in the eyes of YHVH, and my ELOHIYM shall be my         
strength.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he said, It is a light thing that thou shouldest be my servant to raise up the  
tribes of Jacob, and to restore the preserved of Israel: I will also give thee  
for a light to the Gentiles, that thou mayest be my salvation unto the end of   
the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Thus saith YHVH, the Redeemer of Israel, and his Holy One, to him whom man      
despiseth, to him whom the nation abhorreth, to a servant of rulers, Kings      
shall see and arise, princes also shall worship, because of YHVH that is        
faithful, and the Holy One of Israel, and he shall choose thee.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, In an      
acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped      
thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to  
establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>That thou mayest say to the 
prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall  
feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall not hunger nor 
thirst; neither shall the heat nor sun smite them: for he that hath mercy on    
them shall lead them, even by the springs of water shall he guide them.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make all  
my mountains a way, and my highways shall be exalted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, these shall come from     
far: and, lo, these from the north and from the west; and these from the land   
of Sinim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Sing, O heavens; and be joyful, O earth; and break forth into singing, O        
mountains: for YHVH hath comforted his people, and will have mercy upon his     
afflicted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But Zion said, YHVH hath forsaken me, and my ADONAY hath forgotten me.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Can a woman forget   
her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb?  
yea, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have graven thee upon   
the palms of my hands; thy walls are continually before me.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy children shall make       
haste; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth of thee.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Lift up thine   
eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to 
thee. As I live, saith YHVH, thou shalt surely clothe thee with them all, as    
with an ornament, and bind them on thee, as a bride doeth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For thy waste and thy desolate    
places, and the land of thy destruction, shall even now be too narrow by reason 
of the inhabitants, and they that swallowed thee up shall be far away.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The children which   
thou shalt have, after thou hast lost the other, shall say again in thine ears, 
The place is too strait for me: give place to me that I may dwell.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou say in    
thine heart, Who hath begotten me these, seeing I have lost my children, and am 
desolate, a captive, and removing to and fro? and who hath brought up these?    
Behold, I was left alone; these, where had they been?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH,       
Behold, I will lift up mine hand to the Gentiles, and set up my standard to the 
people: and they shall bring thy sons in their arms, and thy daughters shall be 
carried upon their shoulders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>  
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And kings shall be thy nursing fathers, and their queens thy 
nursing mothers: they shall bow down to thee with their face toward the earth,  
and lick up the dust of thy feet; and thou shalt know that I am YHVH: for they  
shall not be ashamed that wait for me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall the prey be taken from the mighty, or the 
lawful captive delivered?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>      
25</H4></TD><TD><P>But thus saith YHVH, Even the captives of the mighty shall   
be taken away, and the prey of the terrible shall be delivered: for I will      
contend with him that contendeth with thee, and I will save thy children.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will feed 
them that oppress thee with their own flesh; and they shall be drunken with     
their own blood, as with sweet wine: and all flesh shall know that I YHVH am    
thy Saviour and thy Redeemer, the mighty One of Jacob.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B23C050.htm'>Isaiah 50</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
