<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C015.htm'>Isaiah 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Send ye the lamb to the ruler of the land from Sela to the    
wilderness, unto the mount of the daughter of Zion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For it shall be, that, as a         
wandering bird cast out of the nest, so the daughters of Moab shall be at the   
fords of Arnon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Take counsel, execute judgment; make thy shadow as the night in the midst of 
the noonday; hide the outcasts; bewray not him that wandereth.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Let mine outcasts dwell with    
thee, Moab; be thou a covert to them from the face of the spoiler: for the      
extortioner is at an end, the spoiler ceaseth, the oppressors are consumed out  
of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And in mercy shall the throne be established: and he shall sit upon it in truth 
in the tabernacle of David, judging, and seeking judgment, and hasting          
righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>
We have heard of the pride of Moab; he is very proud: even of his haughtiness,  
and his pride, and his wrath: but his lies shall not be so.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall Moab howl for   
Moab, every one shall howl: for the foundations of Kirhareseth shall ye mourn;  
surely they are stricken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For the fields of Heshbon languish, and the vine of Sibmah: the     
lords of the heathen have broken down the principal plants thereof, they are    
come even unto Jazer, they wandered through the wilderness: her branches are    
stretched out, they are gone over the sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I will bewail with the weeping of Jazer 
the vine of Sibmah: I will water thee with my tears, O Heshbon, and Elealeh:    
for the shouting for thy summer fruits and for thy harvest is fallen.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And gladness is      
taken away, and joy out of the plentiful field; and in the vineyards there      
shall be no singing, neither shall there be shouting: the treaders shall tread  
out no wine in their presses; I have made their vintage shouting to cease.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore my    
bowels shall sound like an harp for Moab, and mine inward parts for             
Kirharesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on the high       
place, that he shall come to his sanctuary to pray; but he shall not            
prevail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>    
This is the word that YHVH hath spoken concerning Moab since that time.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But now YHVH hath    
spoken, saying, Within three years, as the years of an hireling, and the glory  
of Moab shall be contemned, with all that great multitude; and the remnant      
shall be very small and feeble.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is       
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B23C017.htm'>Isaiah 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
