<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C001.htm'>2nd Samuel 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And it came to pass after this, that David inquired of YHVH, saying,     
Shall I go up into any of the cities of Judah? And YHVH said unto him, Go up.   
And David said, Whither shall I go up? And he said, Unto Hebron.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>So David went up thither,   
and his two wives also, Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, and Abigail Nabal's wife the  
Carmelite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
his men that were with him did David bring up, every man with his household:    
and they dwelt in the cities of Hebron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Judah came, and there they         
anointed David king over the house of Judah. And they told David, saying, That  
the men of Jabeshgilead were they that buried Saul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And David sent messengers unto the  
men of Jabeshgilead, and said unto them, Blessed be ye of YHVH, that ye have    
showed this kindness unto your lord, even unto Saul, and have buried him.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And now YHVH show 
kindness and truth unto you: and I also will requite you this kindness, because 
ye have done this thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Therefore now let your hands be strengthened, and be ye valiant:    
for your master Saul is dead, and also the house of Judah have anointed me king 
over them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
Abner the son of Ner, captain of Saul's host, took Ishbosheth the son of Saul,  
and brought him over to Mahanaim;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And made him king over Gilead, and over the Ashurites,    
and over Jezreel, and over Ephraim, and over Benjamin, and over all Israel.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Ishbosheth      
Saul's son was forty years old when he began to reign over Israel, and reigned  
two years. But the house of Judah followed David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the time that David was king  
in Hebron over the house of Judah was seven years and six months.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner the son of Ner, 
and the servants of Ishbosheth the son of Saul, went out from Mahanaim to       
Gibeon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, went out, and met together  
by the pool of Gibeon: and they sat down, the one on the one side of the pool,  
and the other on the other side of the pool.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner said to Joab, Let the young men now   
arise, and play before us. And Joab said, Let them arise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then there arose and went over by 
number twelve of Benjamin, which pertained to Ishbosheth the son of Saul, and   
twelve of the servants of David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>   
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they caught every one his fellow by the head, and    
thrust his sword in his fellow's side; so they fell down together: wherefore    
that place was called Helkathhazzurim, which is in Gibeon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was a very sore battle  
that day; and Abner was beaten, and the men of Israel, before the servants of   
David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
there were three sons of Zeruiah there, Joab, and Abishai, and Asahel: and      
Asahel was as light of foot as a wild roe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Asahel pursued after Abner; and in going he 
turned not to the right hand nor to the left from following Abner.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Abner looked behind  
him, and said, Art thou Asahel? And he answered, I am.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner said to him, Turn thee  
aside to thy right hand or to thy left, and lay thee hold on one of the young   
men, and take thee his armor. But Asahel would not turn aside from following of 
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
Abner said again to Asahel, Turn thee aside from following me: wherefore should 
I smite thee to the ground? how then should I hold up my face to Joab thy       
brother?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Howbeit he refused to turn aside: wherefore Abner with the hinder end of the    
spear smote him under the fifth rib, that the spear came out behind him; and he 
fell down there, and died in the same place: and it came to pass, that as many  
as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Joab also and Abishai     
pursued after Abner: and the sun went down when they were come to the hill of   
Ammah, that lieth before Giah by the way of the wilderness of Gibeon.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of  
Benjamin gathered themselves together after Abner, and became one troop, and    
stood on the top of an hill.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>   
26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Abner called to Joab, and said, Shall the sword devour  
for ever? knowest thou not that it will be bitterness in the latter end? how    
long shall it be then, ere thou bid the people return from following their      
brethren?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Joab said, As ELOHIYM liveth, unless thou hadst spoken, surely then in the  
morning the people had gone up every one from following his brother.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joab blew a       
trumpet, and all the people stood still, and pursued after Israel no more,      
neither fought they any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>  
29</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner and his men walked all that night through the      
plain, and passed over Jordan, and went through all Bithron, and they came to   
Mahanaim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Joab returned from following Abner: and when he had gathered all the people 
together, there lacked of David's servants nineteen men and Asahel.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>But the servants of  
David had smitten of Benjamin, and of Abner's men, so that three hundred and    
threescore men died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And they took up Asahel, and buried him in the sepulchre of his     
father, which was in Bethlehem. And Joab and his men went all night, and they   
came to Hebron at break of day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is       
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B10C003.htm'>2nd Samuel 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
