<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Acts of the Apostles, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B44C022.htm'>Acts 22</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Acts of the   
Apostles</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Paul, earnestly beholding the council, said, Men and brethren, I have lived 
in all good conscience before ELOHIYM until this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the high priest Ananias         
commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Paul unto him,        
ELOHIYM shall smite thee, thou whited wall: for sittest thou to judge me after  
the law, and commandest me to be smitten contrary to the law?</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they that stood by said,    
Revilest thou EL's high priest?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Paul, I wist not, brethren, that he was the high    
priest: for it is written, Thou shalt not speak evil of the ruler of thy        
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
when Paul perceived that the one part were Sadducees, and the other Pharisees,  
he cried out in the council, Men and brethren, I am a Pharisee, the son of a    
Pharisee: of the hope and resurrection of the dead I am called in question.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had   
so said, there arose a dissension between the Pharisees and the Sadducees: and  
the multitude was divided.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, 
nor spirit: but the Pharisees confess both.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And there arose a great cry: and the scribes that 
were of the Pharisees' part arose, and strove, saying, We find no evil in this  
man: but if a spirit or an angel hath spoken to him, let us not fight against   
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
when there arose a great dissension, the chief captain, fearing lest Paul       
should have been pulled in pieces of them, commanded the soldiers to go down,   
and to take him by force from among them, and to bring him into the castle.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the night   
following the ADONAY stood by him, and said, Be of good cheer, Paul: for as     
thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at       
Rome.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when it was day, certain of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves      
under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink till they had       
killed Paul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>
And they were more than forty which had made this conspiracy.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And they came to the chief    
priests and elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, that 
we will eat nothing until we have slain Paul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore ye with the council signify to 
the chief captain that he bring him down unto you to morrow, as though ye would 
enquire something more perfectly concerning him: and we, or ever he come near,  
are ready to kill him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And when Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, he went  
and entered into the castle, and told Paul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Paul called one of the centurions unto     
him, and said, Bring this young man unto the chief captain: for he hath a       
certain thing to tell him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>     
18</H4></TD><TD><P>So he took him, and brought him to the chief captain, and    
said, Paul the prisoner called me unto him, and prayed me to bring this young   
man unto thee, who hath something to say unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the chief captain took him   
by the hand, and went with him aside privately, and asked him, What is that     
thou hast to tell me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he said, The Jews have agreed to desire thee that thou wouldest 
bring down Paul to morrow into the council, as though they would enquire        
somewhat of him more perfectly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>
21</H4></TD><TD><P>But do not thou yield unto them: for there lie in wait for   
him of them more than forty men, which have bound themselves with an oath, that 
they will neither eat nor drink till they have killed him: and now are they     
ready, looking for a promise from thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>So the chief captain then let the young man     
depart, and charged him, See thou tell no man that thou hast shewed these       
things to me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And he called unto him two centurions, saying, Make ready two hundred        
soldiers to go to Caesarea, and horsemen threescore and ten, and spearmen two   
hundred, at the third hour of the night;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And provide them beasts, that they may set Paul 
on, and bring him safe unto Felix the governor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he wrote a letter after this manner:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Claudius Lysias 
unto the most excellent governor Felix sendeth greeting.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>This man was taken of the Jews,   
and should have been killed of them: then came I with an army, and rescued him, 
having understood that he was a Roman.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And when I would have known the cause wherefore 
they accused him, I brought him forth into their council:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Whom I perceived to be accused of 
questions of their law, but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death  
or of bonds.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>
And when it was told me how that the Jews laid wait for the man, I sent         
straightway to thee, and gave commandment to his accusers also to say before    
thee what they had against him. Farewell.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the soldiers, as it was commanded them,    
took Paul, and brought him by night to Antipatris.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>On the morrow they left the       
horsemen to go with him, and returned to the castle:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Who, when they came to Caesarea   
and delivered the epistle to the governor, presented Paul also before him.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the    
governor had read the letter, he asked of what province he was. And when he     
understood that he was of Cilicia;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35> 
<H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>I will hear thee, said he, when thine accusers are also  
come. And he commanded him to be kept in Herod's judgment hall.</P></TD></TR>   
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B44C024.htm'>Acts 24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
