<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 9 - Sacred    
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C008.htm'>Deuteronomy 8</A></P><CENTER>   
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Hear, O Israel: Thou art to pass    
over Jordan this day, to go in to possess nations greater and mightier than     
thyself, cities great and fenced up to heaven,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>A people great and tall, the children of the   
Anakims, whom thou knowest, and of whom thou hast heard say, Who can stand      
before the children of Anak!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>    
3</H4></TD><TD><P>Understand therefore this day, that YHVH thy ELOHIYM is he    
which goeth over before thee; as a consuming fire he shall destroy them, and he 
shall bring them down before thy face: so shalt thou drive them out, and        
destroy them quickly, as YHVH hath said unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak not thou in thine heart,      
after that YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath cast them out from before thee, saying, For my 
righteousness YHVH hath brought me in to possess this land: but for the         
wickedness of these nations YHVH doth drive them out from before thee.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Not for thy            
righteousness, or for the uprightness of thine heart, dost thou go to possess   
their land: but for the wickedness of these nations YHVH thy ELOHIYM doth drive 
them out from before thee, and that he may perform the word which YHVH sware    
unto thy fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Understand therefore, that YHVH thy ELOHIYM       
giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness; for thou    
art a stiffnecked people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Remember, and forget not, how thou provokedst YHVH thy ELOHIYM to   
wrath in the wilderness: from the day that thou didst depart out of the land of 
Egypt, until ye came unto this place, ye have been rebellious against YHVH.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Also in Horeb ye  
provoked YHVH to wrath, so that YHVH was angry with you to have destroyed       
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>When I    
was gone up into the mount to receive the tables of stone, even the tables of   
the covenant which YHVH made with you, then I abode in the mount forty days and 
forty nights, I neither did eat bread nor drink water:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH delivered unto me two    
tables of stone written with the finger of ELOHIYM; and on them was written     
according to all the words, which YHVH spake with you in the mount out of the   
midst of the fire in the day of the assembly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the end of forty days 
and forty nights, that YHVH gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of 
the covenant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And YHVH said unto me, Arise, get thee down quickly from hence; for thy      
people which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves;    
they are quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have  
made them a molten image.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>      
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Furthermore YHVH spake unto me, saying, I have seen this     
people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Let me alone, that I may destroy  
them, and blot out their name from under heaven: and I will make of thee a      
nation mightier and greater than they.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So I turned and came down from the mount, and   
the mount burned with fire: and the two tables of the covenant were in my two   
hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And I 
looked, and, behold, ye had sinned against YHVH your ELOHIYM, and had made you  
a molten calf: ye had turned aside quickly out of the way which YHVH had        
commanded you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And I took the two tables, and cast them out of my two hands, and brake them 
before your eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I fell down before YHVH, as at the first, forty days and forty       
nights: I did neither eat bread, nor drink water, because of all your sins      
which ye sinned, in doing wickedly in the sight of YHVH, to provoke him to      
anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For I 
was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure, wherewith YHVH was wroth against   
you to destroy you. But YHVH hearkened unto me at that time also.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH was very angry   
with Aaron to have destroyed him: and I prayed for Aaron also the same time.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And I took your 
sin, the calf which ye had made, and burnt it with fire, and stamped it, and    
ground it very small, even until it was as small as dust: and I cast the dust   
thereof into the brook that descended out of the mount.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And at Taberah, and at Massah,    
and at Kibrothhattaavah, ye provoked YHVH to wrath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise when YHVH sent you from  
Kadeshbarnea, saying, Go up and possess the land which I have given you; then   
ye rebelled against the commandment of YHVH your ELOHIYM, and ye believed him   
not, nor hearkened to his voice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>   
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have been rebellious against YHVH from the day that I 
knew you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Thus I fell down before YHVH forty days and forty nights, as I fell down at the 
first; because YHVH had said he would destroy you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>I prayed therefore unto YHVH, and 
said, O ADONAY YHVH, destroy not thy people and thine inheritance, which thou   
hast redeemed through thy greatness, which thou hast brought forth out of Egypt 
with a mighty hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob; look not unto the      
stubbornness of this people, nor to their wickedness, nor to their sin:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Lest the land whence 
thou broughtest us out say, Because YHVH was not able to bring them into the    
land which he promised them, and because he hated them, he hath brought them    
out to slay them in the wilderness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet they are thy people and thine inheritance, which     
thou broughtest out by thy mighty power and by thy stretched out arm.</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C010.htm'>Deuteronomy 10</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
