<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James    
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C001.htm'>1st Kings 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First     
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now the days of David drew nigh that he should die; and he charged       
Solomon his son, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>I go the way of all the earth: be thou strong therefore, and show   
thyself a man;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>
And keep the charge of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to walk in his ways, to keep his       
statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and his testimonies, as it   
is written in the law of Moses, that thou mayest prosper in all that thou       
doest, and whithersoever thou turnest thyself:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>That YHVH may continue his word which he spake 
concerning me, saying, If thy children take heed to their way, to walk before   
me in truth with all their heart and with all their soul, there shall not fail  
thee (said he) a man on the throne of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover thou knowest also what Joab the son   
of Zeruiah did to me, and what he did to the two captains of the hosts of       
Israel, unto Abner the son of Ner, and unto Amasa the son of Jether, whom he    
slew, and shed the blood of war in peace, and put the blood of war upon his     
girdle that was about his loins, and in his shoes that were on his feet.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Do therefore      
according to thy wisdom, and let not his hoar head go down to the grave in      
peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But     
show kindness unto the sons of Barzillai the Gileadite, and let them be of      
those that eat at thy table: for so they came to me when I fled because of      
Absalom thy brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And, behold, thou hast with thee Shimei the son of Gera, a Benjamite of  
Bahurim, which cursed me with a grievous curse in the day when I went to        
Mahanaim: but he came down to meet me at Jordan, and I sware to him by YHVH,    
saying, I will not put thee to death with the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore hold him not          
guiltless: for thou art a wise man, and knowest what thou oughtest to do unto   
him; but his hoar head bring thou down to the grave with blood.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>So David slept with his   
fathers, and was buried in the city of David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the days that David reigned over Israel  
were forty years: seven years reigned he in Hebron, and thirty and three years  
reigned he in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then sat Solomon upon the throne of David his father; and his       
kingdom was established greatly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>   
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the    
mother of Solomon. And she said, Comest thou peaceably? And he said,            
Peaceably.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
He said moreover, I have somewhat to say unto thee. And she said, Say on.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said,    
Thou knowest that the kingdom was mine, and that all Israel set their faces on  
me, that I should reign: howbeit the kingdom is turned about, and is become my  
brother's: for it was his from YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And now I ask one petition of thee, deny me     
not. And she said unto him, Say on.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Speak, I pray thee, unto Solomon the king,  
(for he will not say thee nay,) that he give me Abishag the Shunammite to       
wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Bathsheba said, Well; I will speak for thee unto the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Bathsheba therefore went unto     
king Solomon, to speak unto him for Adonijah. And the king rose up to meet her, 
and bowed himself unto her, and sat down on his throne, and caused a seat to be 
set for the king's mother; and she sat on his right hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she said, I desire one small 
petition of thee; I pray thee, say me not nay. And the king said unto her, Ask  
on, my mother: for I will not say thee nay.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said, Let Abishag the Shunammite be     
given to Adonijah thy brother to wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon answered and said unto his     
mother, And why dost thou ask Abishag the Shunammite for Adonijah? ask for him  
the kingdom also; for he is mine elder brother; even for him, and for Abiathar  
the priest, and for Joab the son of Zeruiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then king Solomon sware by YHVH, saying,        
ELOHIYM do so to me, and more also, if Adonijah have not spoken this word       
against his own life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Now therefore, as YHVH liveth, which hath established me, and set   
me on the throne of David my father, and who hath made me an house, as he       
promised, Adonijah shall be put to death this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon sent by the hand 
of Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he fell upon him that he died.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And unto Abiathar the     
priest said the king, Get thee to Anathoth, unto thine own fields; for thou art 
worthy of death: but I will not at this time put thee to death, because thou    
barest the ark of the ADONAY YHVH before David my father, and because thou hast 
been afflicted in all wherein my father was afflicted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>So Solomon thrust out Abiathar    
from being priest unto YHVH; that he might fulfil the word of YHVH, which he    
spake concerning the house of Eli in Shiloh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then tidings came to Joab: for Joab had turned  
after Adonijah, though he turned not after Absalom. And Joab fled unto the      
tabernacle of YHVH, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told king Solomon  
that Joab was fled unto the tabernacle of YHVH; and, behold, he is by the       
altar. Then Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, saying, Go, fall upon     
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
Benaiah came to the tabernacle of YHVH, and said unto him, Thus saith the king, 
Come forth. And he said, Nay; but I will die here. And Benaiah brought the king 
word again, saying, Thus said Joab, and thus he answered me.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said unto him,   
Do as he hath said, and fall upon him, and bury him; that thou mayest take away 
the innocent blood, which Joab shed, from me, and from the house of my          
father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
YHVH shall return his blood upon his own head, who fell upon two men more       
righteous and better than he, and slew them with the sword, my father David not 
knowing thereof, to wit, Abner the son of Ner, captain of the host of Israel,   
and Amasa the son of Jether, captain of the host of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Their blood shall therefore       
return upon the head of Joab, and upon the head of his seed for ever: but upon  
David, and upon his seed, and upon his house, and upon his throne, shall there  
be peace for ever from YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>   
34</H4></TD><TD><P>So Benaiah the son of Jehoiada went up, and fell upon him,   
and slew him: and he was buried in his own house in the wilderness.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king put     
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada in his room over the host: and Zadok the priest did 
the king put in the room of Abiathar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king sent and called for Shimei, and    
said unto him, Build thee an house in Jerusalem, and dwell there, and go not    
forth thence any whither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>      
37</H4></TD><TD><P>For it shall be, that on the day thou goest out, and passest 
over the brook Kidron, thou shalt know for certain that thou shalt surely die:  
thy blood shall be upon thine own head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shimei said unto the king, The saying is    
good: as my lord the king hath said, so will thy servant do. And Shimei dwelt   
in Jerusalem many days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the end of three years, that two of the      
servants of Shimei ran away unto Achish son of Maachah king of Gath. And they   
told Shimei, saying, Behold, thy servants be in Gath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shimei arose, and saddled his 
ass, and went to Gath to Achish to seek his servants: and Shimei went, and      
brought his servants from Gath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>
41</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told Solomon that Shimei had gone from Jerusalem  
to Gath, and was come again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>   
42</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king sent and called for Shimei, and said unto him,  
Did I not make thee to swear by YHVH, and protested unto thee, saying, Know for 
a certain, on the day thou goest out, and walkest abroad any whither, that thou 
shalt surely die? and thou saidst unto me, The word that I have heard is        
good.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Why    
then hast thou not kept the oath of YHVH, and the commandment that I have       
charged thee with?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>The king said moreover to Shimei, Thou knowest all the wickedness which  
thine heart is privy to, that thou didst to David my father: therefore YHVH     
shall return thy wickedness upon thine own head;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon shall be         
blessed, and the throne of David shall be established before YHVH for ever.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>So the king     
commanded Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; which went out, and fell upon him, that  
he died. And the kingdom was established in the hand of Solomon.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C003.htm'>1st Kings 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
