<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C018.htm'>Numbers 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron,         
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>This   
is the ordinance of the law which YHVH hath commanded, saying, Speak unto the   
children of Israel, that they bring thee a red heifer without spot, wherein is  
no blemish, and upon which never came yoke:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall give her unto Eleazar the priest,    
that he may bring her forth without the camp, and one shall slay her before his 
face:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
Eleazar the priest shall take of her blood with his finger, and sprinkle of her 
blood directly before the tabernacle of the congregation seven times:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And one shall burn the 
heifer in his sight; her skin, and her flesh, and her blood, with her dung,     
shall he burn:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the priest shall take cedar wood, and hyssop, and scarlet, and cast it into 
the midst of the burning of the heifer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall wash his clothes, and he    
shall bathe his flesh in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp, and  
the priest shall be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that burneth her shall wash his clothes in 
water, and bathe his flesh in water, and shall be unclean until the even.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And a man that is 
clean shall gather up the ashes of the heifer, and lay them up without the camp 
in a clean place, and it shall be kept for the congregation of the children of  
Israel for a water of separation: it is a purification for sin.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that gathereth the 
ashes of the heifer shall wash his clothes, and be unclean until the even: and  
it shall be unto the children of Israel, and unto the stranger that sojourneth  
among them, for a statute for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>He that toucheth the dead body of any man shall be       
unclean seven days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>
<TD><P>He shall purify himself with it on the third day, and on the seventh day 
he shall be clean: but if he purify not himself the third day, then the seventh 
day he shall not be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>     
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Whosoever toucheth the dead body of any man that is dead,    
and purifieth not himself, defileth the tabernacle of YHVH; and that soul shall 
be cut off from Israel: because the water of separation was not sprinkled upon  
him, he shall be unclean; his uncleanness is yet upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law, when a man dieth 
in a tent: all that come into the tent, and all that is in the tent, shall be   
unclean seven days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And every open vessel, which hath no covering bound upon it, is          
unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
whosoever toucheth one that is slain with a sword in the open fields, or a dead 
body, or a bone of a man, or a grave, shall be unclean seven days.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And for an unclean person 
they shall take of the ashes of the burnt heifer of purification for sin, and   
running water shall be put thereto in a vessel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And a clean person shall take hyssop, and    
dip it in the water, and sprinkle it upon the tent, and upon all the vessels,   
and upon the persons that were there, and upon him that touched a bone, or one  
slain, or one dead, or a grave:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>
19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the clean person shall sprinkle upon the unclean on the  
third day, and on the seventh day: and on the seventh day he shall purify       
himself, and wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and shall be clean   
at even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
the man that shall be unclean, and shall not purify himself, that soul shall be 
cut off from among the congregation, because he hath defiled the sanctuary of   
YHVH: the water of separation hath not been sprinkled upon him; he is           
unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
it shall be a perpetual statute unto them, that he that sprinkleth the water of 
separation shall wash his clothes; and he that toucheth the water of separation 
shall be unclean until even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>   
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And whatsoever the unclean person toucheth shall be unclean; 
and the soul that toucheth it shall be unclean until even.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B04C020.htm'>Numbers 20</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
