<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Acts of the Apostles, Chapter 28 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B44C027.htm'>Acts 27</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Acts of the   
Apostles</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
28</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And when they were escaped, then they knew that the island was called           
Melita.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the barbarous people shewed us no little kindness: for they kindled a fire, and 
received us every one, because of the present rain, and because of the cold.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Paul had 
gathered a bundle of sticks, and laid them on the fire, there came a viper out  
of the heat, and fastened on his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the barbarians saw the venomous beast    
hang on his hand, they said among themselves, No doubt this man is a murderer,  
whom, though he hath escaped the sea, yet vengeance suffereth not to live.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shook off  
the beast into the fire, and felt no harm.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit they looked when he should have swollen,  
or fallen down dead suddenly: but after they had looked a great while, and saw  
no harm come to him, they changed their minds, and said that he was a god.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In the same       
quarters were possessions of the chief man of the island, whose name was        
Publius; who received us, and lodged us three days courteously.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that   
the father of Publius lay sick of a fever and of a bloody flux: to whom Paul    
entered in, and prayed, and laid his hands on him, and healed him.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So when this was done,      
others also, which had diseases in the island, came, and were healed:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Who also honoured us 
with many honours; and when we departed, they laded us with such things as were 
necessary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And after three months we departed in a ship of Alexandria, which had wintered  
in the isle, whose sign was Castor and Pollux.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And landing at Syracuse, we tarried there    
three days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And from thence we fetched a compass, and came to Rhegium: and after one day    
the south wind blew, and we came the next day to Puteoli:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Where we found brethren, and were 
desired to tarry with them seven days: and so we went toward Rome.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And from thence, when the 
brethren heard of us, they came to meet us as far as Appii forum, and The three 
taverns: whom when Paul saw, he thanked ELOHIYM, and took courage.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And when we came to Rome, 
the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard: but Paul was 
suffered to dwell by himself with a soldier that kept him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that after   
three days Paul called the chief of the Jews together: and when they were come  
together, he said unto them, Men and brethren, though I have committed nothing  
against the people, or customs of our fathers, yet was I delivered prisoner     
from Jerusalem into the hands of the Romans.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Who, when they had examined me, would have let  
me go, because there was no cause of death in me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But when the Jews spake against   
it, I was constrained to appeal unto Caesar; not that I had ought to accuse my  
nation of.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
For this cause therefore have I called for you, to see you, and to speak with   
you: because that for the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto   
him, We neither received letters out of Judaea concerning thee, neither any of  
the brethren that came shewed or spake any harm of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>But we desire to hear of thee     
what thou thinkest: for as concerning this sect, we know that every where it is 
spoken against.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And when they had appointed him a day, there came many to him into his       
lodging; to whom he expounded and testified the kingdom of EL, persuading them  
concerning YAHSHUA, both out of the law of Moses, and out of the prophets, from 
morning till evening.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And some believed the things which were spoken, and some believed   
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
when they agreed not among themselves, they departed, after that Paul had       
spoken one word, Well spake the Holy Ghost by Esaias the prophet unto our       
fathers,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Saying, Go unto this people, and say, Hearing ye shall hear, and shall not      
understand; and seeing ye shall see, and not perceive:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>For the heart of this people is   
waxed gross, and their ears are dull of hearing, and their eyes have they       
closed; lest they should see with their eyes, and hear with their ears, and     
understand with their heart, and should be converted, and I should heal         
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Be it  
known therefore unto you, that the salvation of ELOHIYM is sent unto the        
Gentiles, and that they will hear it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had said these words, the Jews      
departed, and had great reasoning among themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Paul dwelt two whole years in 
his own hired house, and received all that came in unto him,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Preaching the kingdom of EL,  
and teaching those things which concern the ADONAY YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, with all  
confidence, no man forbidding him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is    
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B45C001.htm'>Romans 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
