<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Epistle of Jude, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B64C001.htm'>3rd John 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Epistle of 
Jude</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Jude,    
the servant of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, and brother of James, to them that are        
sanctified by ELOHIYM the Father, and preserved in YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, and       
called:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Mercy  
unto you, and peace, and love, be multiplied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write    
unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you, and  
exhort you that ye should earnestly contend for the faith which was once        
delivered unto the saints.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For there are certain men crept in unawares, who were before of old 
ordained to this condemnation, ungodly men, turning the grace of our ELOHIYM    
into lasciviousness, and denying the only ADONAY YHVH, and our ADONAY YAHSHUA   
MASHIYACH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>I   
will therefore put you in remembrance, though ye once knew this, how that YHVH, 
having saved the people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed them that 
believed not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the angels which kept not their first estate, but left their own            
habitation, he hath reserved in everlasting chains under darkness unto the      
judgment of the great day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Even as Sodom and Gomorrha, and the cities about them in like       
manner, giving themselves over to fornication, and going after strange flesh,   
are set forth for an example, suffering the vengeance of eternal fire.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise also these    
filthy dreamers defile the flesh, despise dominion, and speak evil of           
dignities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet 
Michael the archangel, when contending with the devil he disputed about the     
body of Moses, durst not bring against him a railing accusation, but said, YHVH 
rebuke thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>
But these speak evil of those things which they know not: but what they know    
naturally, as brute beasts, in those things they corrupt themselves.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto them! for   
they have gone in the way of Cain, and ran greedily after the error of Balaam   
for reward, and perished in the gainsaying of Core.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>These are spots in your feasts of 
charity, when they feast with you, feeding themselves without fear: clouds they 
are without water, carried about of winds; trees whose fruit withereth, without 
fruit, twice dead, plucked up by the roots;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Raging waves of the sea, foaming out their own  
shame; wandering stars, to whom is reserved the blackness of darkness for       
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Enoch also, the seventh from Adam, prophesied of these, saying, Behold, the     
ADONAY cometh with ten thousands of his saints,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>To execute judgment upon all, and to         
convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they  
have ungodly committed, and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners    
have spoken against him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>
</TD><TD><P>These are murmurers, complainers, walking after their own lusts;    
and their mouth speaketh great swelling words, having men's persons in          
admiration because of advantage.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>   
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But, beloved, remember ye the words which were spoken    
before of the apostles of our ADONAY YAHSHUA MASHIYACH;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>How that they told you there      
should be mockers in the last time, who should walk after their own ungodly     
lusts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>These 
be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But ye, beloved, building 
up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Ghost,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Keep yourselves in the    
love of ELOHIYM, looking for the mercy of our ADONAY YAHSHUA MASHIYACH unto     
eternal life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And of some have compassion, making a difference:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And others save with fear,        
pulling them out of the fire; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Now unto him    
that is able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the  
presence of his glory with exceeding joy,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>To the only wise ELOHIYM our Saviour, be glory  
and majesty, dominion and power, both now and ever. Amen.</P></TD></TR></TABLE> 
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B66C001.htm'>Revelation 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
