<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 39 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C038.htm'>Jeremiah 38</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 39</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the ninth year of Zedekiah   
king of Judah, in the tenth month, came Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon and all  
his army against Jerusalem, and they besieged it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the eleventh year of         
Zedekiah, in the fourth month, the ninth day of the month, the city was broken  
up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And all    
the princes of the king of Babylon came in, and sat in the middle gate, even    
Nergalsharezer, Samgarnebo, Sarsechim, Rabsaris, Nergalsharezer, Rabmag, with   
all the residue of the princes of the king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that when      
Zedekiah the king of Judah saw them, and all the men of war, then they fled,    
and went forth out of the city by night, by the way of the king's garden, by    
the gate betwixt the two walls: and he went out the way of the plain.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Chaldeans'     
army pursued after them, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho: and    
when they had taken him, they brought him up to Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon  
to Riblah in the land of Hamath, where he gave judgment upon him.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king of Babylon    
slew the sons of Zedekiah in Riblah before his eyes: also the king of Babylon   
slew all the nobles of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he put out Zedekiah's eyes, and bound him with       
chains, to carry him to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Chaldeans burned the king's house, and the houses of  
the people, with fire, and brake down the walls of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Nebuzaradan the captain of 
the guard carried away captive into Babylon the remnant of the people that      
remained in the city, and those that fell away, that fell to him, with the rest 
of the people that remained.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>   
10</H4></TD><TD><P>But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poor of 
the people, which had nothing, in the land of Judah, and gave them vineyards    
and fields at the same time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon gave charge concerning    
Jeremiah to Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Take him, and look well to him,   
and do him no harm; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>So Nebuzaradan the   
captain of the guard sent, and Nebushasban, Rabsaris, and Nergalsharezer,       
Rabmag, and all the king of Babylon's princes;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Even they sent, and took Jeremiah out of the 
court of the prison, and committed him unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son  
of Shaphan, that he should carry him home: so he dwelt among the people.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the word of 
YHVH came unto Jeremiah, while he was shut up in the court of the prison,       
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Go   
and speak to Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the    
ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will bring my words upon this city for evil, and   
not for good; and they shall be accomplished in that day before thee.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will deliver   
thee in that day, saith YHVH: and thou shalt not be given into the hand of the  
men of whom thou art afraid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will surely deliver thee, and thou shalt not fall by   
the sword, but thy life shall be for a prey unto thee: because thou hast put    
thy trust in me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is          
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C040.htm'>Jeremiah 40</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
