<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C008.htm'>Joshua 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And it came to pass, when all the kings which were on this side Jordan, in the  
hills, and in the valleys, and in all the coasts of the great sea over against  
Lebanon, the Hittite, and the Amorite, the Canaanite, the Perizzite, the        
Hivite, and the Jebusite, heard thereof;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That they gathered themselves together, to fight  
with Joshua and with Israel, with one accord.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the inhabitants of Gibeon heard what  
Joshua had done unto Jericho and to Ai,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>They did work wilily, and went and made as if     
they had been ambassadors, and took old sacks upon their asses, and wine        
bottles, old, and rent, and bound up;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And old shoes and clouted upon their feet, and    
old garments upon them; and all the bread of their provision was dry and        
mouldy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto him, and to the men  
of Israel, We be come from a far country: now therefore make ye a league with   
us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the    
men of Israel said unto the Hivites, Peradventure ye dwell among us; and how    
shall we make a league with you?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto Joshua, We are thy servants. And Joshua    
said unto them, Who are ye? and from whence come ye?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto him, From a very 
far country thy servants are come because of the name of YHVH thy ELOHIYM: for  
we have heard the fame of him, and all that he did in Egypt,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And all that he did to the    
two kings of the Amorites, that were beyond Jordan, to Sihon king of Heshbon,   
and to Og king of Bashan, which was at Ashtaroth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore our elders and all the  
inhabitants of our country spake to us, saying, Take victuals with you for the  
journey, and go to meet them, and say unto them, We are your servants:          
therefore now make ye a league with us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>This our bread we took hot for our provision    
out of our houses on the day we came forth to go unto you; but now, behold, it  
is dry, and it is mouldy:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>      
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And these bottles of wine, which we filled, were new; and,   
behold, they be rent: and these our garments and our shoes are become old by    
reason of the very long journey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men took of their victuals, and asked not        
counsel at the mouth of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>  
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua made peace with them, and made a league with      
them, to let them live: and the princes of the congregation sware unto them.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to  
pass at the end of three days after they had made a league with them, that they 
heard that they were their neighbors, and that they dwelt among them.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of  
Israel journeyed, and came unto their cities on the third day. Now their cities 
were Gibeon, and Chephirah, and Beeroth, and Kirjathjearim.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel    
smote them not, because the princes of the congregation had sworn unto them by  
YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel. And all the congregation murmured against the           
princes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
all the princes said unto all the congregation, We have sworn unto them by YHVH 
ELOHIYM of Israel: now therefore we may not touch them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>This we will do to them; we will  
even let them live, lest wrath be upon us, because of the oath which we sware   
unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the princes said unto them, Let them live; but let them be hewers of wood   
and drawers of water unto all the congregation; as the princes had promised     
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Joshua called for them, and he spake unto them, saying, Wherefore have ye       
beguiled us, saying, We are very far from you; when ye dwell among us?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore ye are 
cursed, and there shall none of you be freed from being bondmen, and hewers of  
wood and drawers of water for the house of my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they answered Joshua, and     
said, Because it was certainly told thy servants, how that YHVH thy ELOHIYM     
commanded his servant Moses to give you all the land, and to destroy all the    
inhabitants of the land from before you, therefore we were sore afraid of our   
lives because of you, and have done this thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, behold, we are in thine hand: as it 
seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us, do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And so did he unto them, and      
delivered them out of the hand of the children of Israel, that they slew them   
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
Joshua made them that day hewers of wood and drawers of water for the           
congregation, and for the altar of YHVH, even unto this day, in the place which 
he should choose.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by   
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C010.htm'>Joshua 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
