<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 25 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C024.htm'>Isaiah 24</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>O YHVH, thou art my ELOHIYM; I will exalt thee, I will praise 
thy name; for thou hast done wonderful things; thy counsels of old are          
faithfulness and truth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>For thou hast made of a city an heap; of a defenced city a ruin: a  
palace of strangers to be no city; it shall never be built.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall the strong      
people glorify thee, the city of the terrible nations shall fear thee.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For thou hast been a   
strength to the poor, a strength to the needy in his distress, a refuge from    
the storm, a shadow from the heat, when the blast of the terrible ones is as a  
storm against the wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thou shalt bring down the noise of strangers, as the heat in a dry  
place; even the heat with the shadow of a cloud: the branch of the terrible     
ones shall be brought low.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And in this mountain shall YHVH of hosts make unto all people a     
feast of fat things, a feast of wines on the lees, of fat things full of        
marrow, of wines on the lees well refined.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he will destroy in this mountain the face of  
the covering cast over all people, and the vail that is spread over all         
nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>He    
will swallow up death in victory; and the ADONAY YHVH will wipe away tears from 
off all faces; and the rebuke of his people shall he take away from off all the 
earth: for YHVH hath spoken it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be said in that day, Lo, this is our ELOHIYM; we 
have waited for him, and he will save us: this is YHVH; we have waited for him, 
we will be glad and rejoice in his salvation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For in this mountain shall the hand of YHVH  
rest, and Moab shall be trodden down under him, even as straw is trodden down   
for the dunghill.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he shall spread forth his hands in the midst of them, as he that     
swimmeth spreadeth forth his hands to swim: and he shall bring down their pride 
together with the spoils of their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fortress of the high fort of thy walls  
shall he bring down, lay low, and bring to the ground, even to the dust.</P>    
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C026.htm'>Isaiah 26</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
