<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C013.htm'>Judges 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Samson went down to Timnath, and saw a woman in Timnath of the daughters of 
the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And he came up, and told his father and his mother, and said, I have seen a  
woman in Timnath of the daughters of the Philistines: now therefore get her for 
me to wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then his father and his mother said unto him, Is there never a woman among the  
daughters of thy brethren, or among all my people, that thou goest to take a    
wife of the uncircumcised Philistines? And Samson said unto his father, Get her 
for me; for she pleaseth me well.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But his father and his mother knew not that it was of     
YHVH, that he sought an occasion against the Philistines: for at that time the  
Philistines had dominion over Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went Samson down, and his father and his     
mother, to Timnath, and came to the vineyards of Timnath: and, behold, a young  
lion roared against him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the Spirit of YHVH came mightily upon him, and he rent him as   
he would have rent a kid, and he had nothing in his hand: but he told not his   
father or his mother what he had done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went down, and talked with the woman; and  
she pleased Samson well.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And after a time he returned to take her, and he turned aside to    
see the carcass of the lion: and, behold, there was a swarm of bees and honey   
in the carcass of the lion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>     
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took thereof in his hands, and went on eating, and     
came to his father and mother, and he gave them, and they did eat: but he told  
not them that he had taken the honey out of the carcass of the lion.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>So his father went   
down unto the woman: and Samson made there a feast; for so used the young men   
to do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
it came to pass, when they saw him, that they brought thirty companions to be   
with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can    
certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out,    
then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye cannot declare  
it me, then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And   
they said unto him, Put forth thy riddle, that we may hear it.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, Out of 
the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they 
could not in three days expound the riddle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the seventh day, that    
they said unto Samson's wife, Entice thy husband, that he may declare unto us   
the riddle, lest we burn thee and thy father's house with fire: have ye called  
us to take that we have? is it not so?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson's wife wept before him, and said,    
Thou dost but hate me, and lovest me not: thou hast put forth a riddle unto the 
children of my people, and hast not told it me. And he said unto her, Behold, I 
have not told it my father nor my mother, and shall I tell it thee?</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And she wept before  
him the seven days, while their feast lasted: and it came to pass on the        
seventh day, that he told her, because she lay sore upon him: and she told the  
riddle to the children of her people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of the city said unto him on the    
seventh day before the sun went down, What is sweeter than honey? And what is   
stronger than a lion? and he said unto them, If ye had not plowed with my       
heifer, ye had not found out my riddle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Spirit of YHVH came upon him, and he    
went down to Ashkelon, and slew thirty men of them, and took their spoil, and   
gave change of garments unto them which expounded the riddle. And his anger was 
kindled, and he went up to his father's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Samson's wife was given to his           
companion, whom he had used as his friend.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B07C015.htm'>Judges 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
