<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 45 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C044.htm'>Isaiah 44</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 45</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH to his anointed, to Cyrus, whose right hand I 
have holden, to subdue nations before him; and I will loose the loins of kings, 
to open before him the two leaved gates; and the gates shall not be shut;</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>I will go before  
thee, and make the crooked places straight: I will break in pieces the gates of 
brass, and cut in sunder the bars of iron:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will give thee the treasures of darkness,   
and hidden riches of secret places, that thou mayest know that I, YHVH, which   
call thee by thy name, am the ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For Jacob my servant's sake, and    
Israel mine elect, I have even called thee by thy name: I have surnamed thee,   
though thou hast not known me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>I am YHVH, and there is none else, there is no ELOHIYM beside 
me: I girded thee, though thou hast not known me:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>That they may know from the rising  
of the sun, and from the west, that there is none beside me. I am YHVH, and     
there is none else.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>I form the light, and create darkness: I make peace, and create evil: I  
YHVH do all these things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Drop down, ye heavens, from above, and let the skies pour down      
righteousness: let the earth open, and let them bring forth salvation, and let  
righteousness spring up together; I YHVH have created it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto him that striveth with his 
Maker! Let the potsherd strive with the potsherds of the earth. Shall the clay  
say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou? or thy work, He hath no        
hands?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe   
unto him that saith unto his father, What begettest thou? or to the woman, What 
hast thou brought forth?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, the Holy One of Israel, and his Maker, Ask me of   
things to come concerning my sons, and concerning the work of my hands command  
ye me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>I     
have made the earth, and created man upon it: I, even my hands, have stretched  
out the heavens, and all their host have I commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>I have raised him up in           
righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he   
shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith YHVH of hosts.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith      
YHVH, The labour of Egypt, and merchandise of Ethiopia and of the Sabeans, men  
of stature, shall come over unto thee, and they shall be thine: they shall come 
after thee; in chains they shall come over, and they shall fall down unto thee, 
they shall make supplication unto thee, saying, Surely EL is in thee; and there 
is none else, there is no ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Verily thou art a EL that hidest thyself, O ELOHIYM of   
Israel, the Saviour.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>They shall be ashamed, and also confounded, all of them: they shall 
go to confusion together that are makers of idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But Israel shall be saved in YHVH 
with an everlasting salvation: ye shall not be ashamed nor confounded world     
without end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>
For thus saith YHVH that created the heavens; ELOHIYM himself that formed the   
earth and made it; he hath established it, he created it not in vain, he formed 
it to be inhabited: I am YHVH; and there is none else.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>I have not spoken in secret, in a 
dark place of the earth: I said not unto the seed of Jacob, Seek ye me in vain: 
I YHVH speak righteousness, I declare things that are right.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Assemble yourselves and come; 
draw near together, ye that are escaped of the nations: they have no knowledge  
that set up the wood of their graven image, and pray unto a god that cannot     
save.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Tell   
ye, and bring them near; yea, let them take counsel together: who hath declared 
this from ancient time? who hath told it from that time? have not I YHVH? and   
there is no ELOHIYM else beside me; a just EL and a Saviour; there is none      
beside me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Look unto me, and be ye saved, all the ends of the earth: for I am EL, and      
there is none else.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD>
<TD><P>I have sworn by myself, the word is gone out of my mouth in              
righteousness, and shall not return, That unto me every knee shall bow, every   
tongue shall swear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Surely, shall one say, in YHVH have I righteousness and strength: even   
to him shall men come; and all that are incensed against him shall be           
ashamed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>In  
YHVH shall all the seed of Israel be justified, and shall glory.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C046.htm'>Isaiah 46</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
