<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C003.htm'>Ezekiel 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou also, son of man, take thee a tile, and lay it before    
thee, and pourtray upon it the city, even Jerusalem:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And lay siege against it, and build 
a fort against it, and cast a mount against it; set the camp also against it,   
and set battering rams against it round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover take thou unto thee an iron pan, and  
set it for a wall of iron between thee and the city: and set thy face against   
it, and it shall be besieged, and thou shalt lay siege against it. This shall   
be a sign to the house of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Lie thou also upon thy left side, and lay the iniquity of 
the house of Israel upon it: according to the number of the days that thou      
shalt lie upon it thou shalt bear their iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For I have laid upon thee the years 
of their iniquity, according to the number of the days, three hundred and       
ninety days: so shalt thou bear the iniquity of the house of Israel.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when thou hast     
accomplished them, lie again on thy right side, and thou shalt bear the         
iniquity of the house of Judah forty days: I have appointed thee each day for a 
year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Therefore thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of Jerusalem, and thine arm  
shall be uncovered, and thou shalt prophesy against it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, I will lay bands upon  
thee, and thou shalt not turn thee from one side to another, till thou hast     
ended the days of thy siege.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>    
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Take thou also unto thee wheat, and barley, and beans, and    
lentiles, and millet, and fitches, and put them in one vessel, and make thee    
bread thereof, according to the number of the days that thou shalt lie upon thy 
side, three hundred and ninety days shalt thou eat thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy meat which thou shalt 
eat shall be by weight, twenty shekels a day: from time to time shalt thou eat  
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou     
shalt drink also water by measure, the sixth part of an hin: from time to time  
shalt thou drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And thou shalt eat it as barley cakes, and thou shalt bake it with dung  
that cometh out of man, in their sight.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said, Even thus shall the children of  
Israel eat their defiled bread among the Gentiles, whither I will drive         
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
said I, Ah ADONAY YHVH! behold, my soul hath not been polluted: for from my     
youth up even till now have I not eaten of that which dieth of itself, or is    
torn in pieces; neither came there abominable flesh into my mouth.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he said unto me, Lo, 
I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread   
therewith.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Moreover he said unto me, Son of man, behold, I will break the staff of bread   
in Jerusalem: and they shall eat bread by weight, and with care; and they shall 
drink water by measure, and with astonishment:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>That they may want bread and water, and be   
astonied one with another, and consume away for their iniquity.</P></TD></TR>   
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C005.htm'>Ezekiel 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
