<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C004.htm'>Ezekiel 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, son of man, take thee a sharp knife, take thee a    
barber's razor, and cause it to pass upon thine head and upon thy beard: then   
take thee balances to weigh, and divide the hair.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt burn with fire a third   
part in the midst of the city, when the days of the siege are fulfilled: and    
thou shalt take a third part, and smite about it with a knife: and a third part 
thou shalt scatter in the wind; and I will draw out a sword after them.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt also take   
thereof a few in number, and bind them in thy skirts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then take of them again, and cast   
them into the midst of the fire, and burn them in the fire; for thereof shall a 
fire come forth into all the house of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; This is Jerusalem: 
I have set it in the midst of the nations and countries that are round about    
her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And she   
hath changed my judgments into wickedness more than the nations, and my         
statutes more than the countries that are round about her: for they have        
refused my judgments and my statutes, they have not walked in them.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith   
the ADONAY YHVH; Because ye multiplied more than the nations that are round     
about you, and have not walked in my statutes, neither have kept my judgments,  
neither have done according to the judgments of the nations that are round      
about you;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I, even I, am against thee, and   
will execute judgments in the midst of thee in the sight of the nations.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will do in  
thee that which I have not done, and whereunto I will not do any more the like, 
because of all thine abominations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10> 
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the fathers shall eat the sons in the midst of 
thee, and the sons shall eat their fathers; and I will execute judgments in     
thee, and the whole remnant of thee will I scatter into all the winds.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore, as I      
live, saith the ADONAY YHVH; Surely, because thou hast defiled my sanctuary     
with all thy detestable things, and with all thine abominations, therefore will 
I also diminish thee; neither shall mine eye spare, neither will I have any     
pity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>A      
third part of thee shall die with the pestilence, and with famine shall they be 
consumed in the midst of thee: and a third part shall fall by the sword round   
about thee; and I will scatter a third part into all the winds, and I will draw 
out a sword after them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Thus shall mine anger be accomplished, and I will cause my fury to  
rest upon them, and I will be comforted: and they shall know that I YHVH have   
spoken it in my zeal, when I have accomplished my fury in them.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I will make thee 
waste, and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee, in the sight 
of all that pass by.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>So it shall be a reproach and a taunt, an instruction and an        
astonishment unto the nations that are round about thee, when I shall execute   
judgments in thee in anger and in fury and in furious rebukes. I YHVH have      
spoken it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
When I shall send upon them the evil arrows of famine, which shall be for their 
destruction, and which I will send to destroy you: and I will increase the      
famine upon you, and will break your staff of bread:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>So will I send upon you famine    
and evil beasts, and they shall bereave thee: and pestilence and blood shall    
pass through thee; and I will bring the sword upon thee. I YHVH have spoken     
it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt,   
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C006.htm'>Ezekiel 6</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
