<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ruth, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B08C001.htm'>Ruth 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ruth</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
Naomi had a kinsman of her husband's, a mighty man of wealth, of the family of  
Elimelech; and his name was Boaz.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>   
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ruth the Moabitess said unto Naomi, Let me now go to  
the field, and glean ears of corn after him in whose sight I shall find grace.  
And she said unto her, Go, my daughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And she went, and came, and gleaned in the field  
after the reapers: and her hap was to light on a part of the field belonging    
unto Boaz, who was of the kindred of Elimelech.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, Boaz came from Bethlehem, and     
said unto the reapers, YHVH be with you. And they answered him, YHVH bless      
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then     
said Boaz unto his servant that was set over the reapers, Whose damsel is       
this?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
servant that was set over the reapers answered and said, It is the Moabitish    
damsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said, I pray you, let   
me glean and gather after the reapers among the sheaves: so she came, and hath  
continued even from the morning until now, that she tarried a little in the     
house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
said Boaz unto Ruth, Hearest thou not, my daughter? Go not to glean in another  
field, neither go from hence, but abide here fast by my maidens:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Let thine eyes be on the    
field that they do reap, and go thou after them: have I not charged the young   
men that they shall not touch thee? and when thou art athirst, go unto the      
vessels, and drink of that which the young men have drawn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she fell on her face, and    
bowed herself to the ground, and said unto him, Why have I found grace in thine 
eyes, that thou shouldest take knowledge of me, seeing I am a stranger?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Boaz answered    
and said unto her, It hath fully been showed me, all that thou hast done unto   
thy mother in law since the death of thine husband: and how thou hast left thy  
father and thy mother, and the land of thy nativity, and art come unto a people 
which thou knewest not heretofore.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12> 
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH recompense thy work, and a full reward be given     
thee of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, under whose wings thou art come to trust.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she said,  
Let me find favor in thy sight, my lord; for that thou hast comforted me, and   
for that thou hast spoken friendly unto thine handmaid, though I be not like    
unto one of thine handmaidens.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4> 
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Boaz said unto her, At mealtime come thou hither, and    
eat of the bread, and dip thy morsel in the vinegar. And she sat beside the     
reapers: and he reached her parched corn, and she did eat, and was sufficed,    
and left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And when she was risen up to glean, Boaz commanded his young men, saying, Let   
her glean even among the sheaves, and reproach her not:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And let fall also some of the     
handfuls of purpose for her, and leave them, that she may glean them, and       
rebuke her not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>
<P>So she gleaned in the field until even, and beat out that she had gleaned:   
and it was about an ephah of barley.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And she took it up, and went into the city: and 
her mother in law saw what she had gleaned: and she brought forth, and gave to  
her that she had reserved after she was sufficed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And her mother in law said unto   
her, Where hast thou gleaned to day? and where wroughtest thou? blessed be he   
that did take knowledge of thee. And she showed her mother in law with whom she 
had wrought, and said, The man's name with whom I wrought to day is Boaz.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Naomi said  
unto her daughter in law, Blessed be he of YHVH, who hath not left off his      
kindness to the living and to the dead. And Naomi said unto her, The man is     
near of kin unto us, one of our next kinsmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ruth the Moabitess said, He said unto me 
also, Thou shalt keep fast by my young men, until they have ended all my        
harvest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Naomi said unto Ruth her daughter in law, It is good, my daughter, that thou go 
out with his maidens, that they meet thee not in any other field.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So she kept fast by the   
maidens of Boaz to glean unto the end of barley harvest and of wheat harvest;   
and dwelt with her mother in law.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is     
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B08C003.htm'>Ruth 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
