<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C001.htm'>Judges 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And an angel of YHVH came up from Gilgal to Bochim, and said, I made you to go  
up out of Egypt, and have brought you unto the land which I sware unto your     
fathers; and I said, I will never break my covenant with you.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall make no league     
with the inhabitants of this land; ye shall throw down their altars: but ye     
have not obeyed my voice: why have ye done this?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore I also said, I will not   
drive them out from before you; but they shall be as thorns in your sides, and  
their gods shall be a snare unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the angel of YHVH spake 
these words unto all the children of Israel, that the people lifted up their    
voice, and wept.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And they called the name of that place Bochim: and they sacrificed there     
unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
when Joshua had let the people go, the children of Israel went every man unto   
his inheritance to possess the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people served YHVH all the days of Joshua, and    
all the days of the elders that outlived Joshua, who had seen all the great     
works of YHVH, that he did for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of YHVH,   
died, being an hundred and ten years old.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they buried him in the border of his          
inheritance in Timnathheres, in the mount of Ephraim, on the north side of the  
hill Gaash.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And also all that generation were gathered unto their fathers: and there arose  
another generation after them, which knew not YHVH, nor yet the works which he  
had done for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of YHVH, and       
served Baalim:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And they forsook YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers, which brought them out of    
the land of Egypt, and followed other gods, of the gods of the people that were 
round about them, and bowed themselves unto them, and provoked YHVH to          
anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they forsook YHVH, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the anger of YHVH was hot     
against Israel, and he delivered them into the hands of spoilers that spoiled   
them, and he sold them into the hands of their enemies round about, so that     
they could not any longer stand before their enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Whithersoever they went out, the  
hand of YHVH was against them for evil, as YHVH had said, and as YHVH had sworn 
unto them: and they were greatly distressed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless YHVH raised up judges, which       
delivered them out of the hand of those that spoiled them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And yet they would not hearken    
unto their judges, but they went a whoring after other gods, and bowed          
themselves unto them: they turned quickly out of the way which their fathers    
walked in, obeying the commandments of YHVH; but they did not so.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And when YHVH raised them 
up judges, then YHVH was with the judge, and delivered them out of the hand of  
their enemies all the days of the judge: for it repented YHVH because of their  
groanings by reason of them that oppressed them and vexed them.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when 
the judge was dead, that they returned, and corrupted themselves more than      
their fathers, in following other gods to serve them, and to bow down unto      
them; they ceased not from their own doings, nor from their stubborn way.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the anger   
of YHVH was hot against Israel; and he said, Because that this people hath      
transgressed my covenant which I commanded their fathers, and have not          
hearkened unto my voice;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>
</TD><TD><P>I also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the    
nations which Joshua left when he died:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>That through them I may prove Israel, whether   
they will keep the way of YHVH to walk therein, as their fathers did keep it,   
or not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Therefore YHVH left those nations, without driving them out hastily; neither    
delivered he them into the hand of Joshua.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B07C003.htm'>Judges 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
