<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B38C012.htm'>Zechariah 12</A></P><CENTER><H2            
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day there shall be a    
fountain opened to the house of David and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem for   
sin and for uncleanness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass in that day, saith YHVH of hosts, that I  
will cut off the names of the idols out of the land, and they shall no more be  
remembered: and also I will cause the prophets and the unclean spirit to pass   
out of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And it shall come to pass, that when any shall yet prophesy, then his father 
and his mother that begat him shall say unto him, Thou shalt not live; for thou 
speakest lies in the name of YHVH: and his father and his mother that begat him 
shall thrust him through when he prophesieth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass in that day, that    
the prophets shall be ashamed every one of his vision, when he hath prophesied; 
neither shall they wear a rough garment to deceive:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But he shall say, I am no prophet,  
I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle from my youth.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And one shall say unto 
him, What are these wounds in thine hands? Then he shall answer, Those with     
which I was wounded in the house of my friends.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Awake, O sword, against my shepherd, and       
against the man that is my fellow, saith YHVH of hosts: smite the shepherd, and 
the sheep shall be scattered: and I will turn mine hand upon the little         
ones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it   
shall come to pass, that in all the land, saith YHVH, two parts therein shall   
be cut off and die; but the third shall be left therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring the third part     
through the fire, and will refine them as silver is refined, and will try them  
as gold is tried: they shall call on my name, and I will hear them: I will say, 
It is my people: and they shall say, YHVH is my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B38C014.htm'>Zechariah 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
