<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C019.htm'>Ezekiel 19</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the seventh year, in the fifth month,  
the tenth day of the month, that certain of the elders of Israel came to        
enquire of YHVH, and sat before me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2> 
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the word of YHVH unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, speak unto the  
elders of Israel, and say unto them, Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Are ye come to 
enquire of me? As I live, saith the ADONAY YHVH, I will not be enquired of by   
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Wilt thou 
judge them, son of man, wilt thou judge them? cause them to know the            
abominations of their fathers:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And say unto them, Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; In the day     
when I chose Israel, and lifted up mine hand unto the seed of the house of      
Jacob, and made myself known unto them in the land of Egypt, when I lifted up   
mine hand unto them, saying, I am YHVH your ELOHIYM;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>In the day that I lifted up mine    
hand unto them, to bring them forth of the land of Egypt into a land that I had 
espied for them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all         
lands:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
said I unto them, Cast ye away every man the abominations of his eyes, and      
defile not yourselves with the idols of Egypt: I am YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But they rebelled      
against me, and would not hearken unto me: they did not every man cast away the 
abominations of their eyes, neither did they forsake the idols of Egypt: then I 
said, I will pour out my fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in 
the midst of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be       
polluted before the heathen, among whom they were, in whose sight I made myself 
known unto them, in bringing them forth out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore I caused them   
to go forth out of the land of Egypt, and brought them into the wilderness.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I gave them 
my statutes, and shewed them my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even     
live in them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Moreover also I gave them my sabbaths, to be a sign between me and them,     
that they might know that I am YHVH that sanctify them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But the house of Israel rebelled  
against me in the wilderness: they walked not in my statutes, and they despised 
my judgments, which if a man do, he shall even live in them; and my sabbaths    
they greatly polluted: then I said, I would pour out my fury upon them in the   
wilderness, to consume them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>But I wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be      
polluted before the heathen, in whose sight I brought them out.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet also I lifted up my   
hand unto them in the wilderness, that I would not bring them into the land     
which I had given them, flowing with milk and honey, which is the glory of all  
lands;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Because they despised my judgments, and walked not in my statutes, but polluted 
my sabbaths: for their heart went after their idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless mine eye spared them 
from destroying them, neither did I make an end of them in the wilderness.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But I said unto 
their children in the wilderness, Walk ye not in the statutes of your fathers,  
neither observe their judgments, nor defile yourselves with their idols:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>I am YHVH your  
ELOHIYM; walk in my statutes, and keep my judgments, and do them;</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And hallow my sabbaths;   
and they shall be a sign between me and you, that ye may know that I am YHVH    
your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Notwithstanding the children rebelled against me: they walked not in my      
statutes, neither kept my judgments to do them, which if a man do, he shall     
even live in them; they polluted my sabbaths: then I said, I would pour out my  
fury upon them, to accomplish my anger against them in the wilderness.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless I       
withdrew mine hand, and wrought for my name's sake, that it should not be       
polluted in the sight of the heathen, in whose sight I brought them forth.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>I lifted up     
mine hand unto them also in the wilderness, that I would scatter them among the 
heathen, and disperse them through the countries;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they had not executed my  
judgments, but had despised my statutes, and had polluted my sabbaths, and      
their eyes were after their fathers' idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore I gave them also statutes that were   
not good, and judgments whereby they should not live;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And I polluted them in their own  
gifts, in that they caused to pass through the fire all that openeth the womb,  
that I might make them desolate, to the end that they might know that I am      
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Therefore, son of man, speak unto the house of Israel, and say unto them, Thus  
saith the ADONAY YHVH; Yet in this your fathers have blasphemed me, in that     
they have committed a trespass against me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>For when I had brought them into the land, for  
the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to them, then they saw every high    
hill, and all the thick trees, and they offered there their sacrifices, and     
there they presented the provocation of their offering: there also they made    
their sweet savour, and poured out there their drink offerings.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I said unto them,    
What is the high place whereunto ye go? And the name whereof is called Bamah    
unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Wherefore say unto the house of Israel, Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Are ye   
polluted after the manner of your fathers? and commit ye whoredom after their   
abominations?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>For when ye offer your gifts, when ye make your sons to pass through the     
fire, ye pollute yourselves with all your idols, even unto this day: and shall  
I be enquired of by you, O house of Israel? As I live, saith the ADONAY YHVH, I 
will not be enquired of by you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>
32</H4></TD><TD><P>And that which cometh into your mind shall not be at all,    
that ye say, We will be as the heathen, as the families of the countries, to    
serve wood and stone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>As I live, saith the ADONAY YHVH, surely with a mighty hand, and    
with a stretched out arm, and with fury poured out, will I rule over you:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will      
bring you out from the people, and will gather you out of the countries wherein 
ye are scattered, with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm, and with    
fury poured out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And I will bring you into the wilderness of the people, and there will I 
plead with you face to face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>   
36</H4></TD><TD><P>Like as I pleaded with your fathers in the wilderness of the 
land of Egypt, so will I plead with you, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cause you to   
pass under the rod, and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will purge out 
from among you the rebels, and them that transgress against me: I will bring    
them forth out of the country where they sojourn, and they shall not enter into 
the land of Israel: and ye shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>As for you, O house of Israel,    
thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Go ye, serve ye every one his idols, and hereafter  
also, if ye will not hearken unto me: but pollute ye my holy name no more with  
your gifts, and with your idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40>   
<H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>For in mine holy mountain, in the mountain of the height 
of Israel, saith the ADONAY YHVH, there shall all the house of Israel, all of   
them in the land, serve me: there will I accept them, and there will I require  
your offerings, and the firstfruits of your oblations, with all your holy       
things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>I    
will accept you with your sweet savour, when I bring you out from the people,   
and gather you out of the countries wherein ye have been scattered; and I will  
be sanctified in you before the heathen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall know that I am YHVH, when I shall  
bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up   
mine hand to give it to your fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And there shall ye remember your ways, and all  
your doings, wherein ye have been defiled; and ye shall lothe yourselves in     
your own sight for all your evils that ye have committed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall know that I am YHVH  
when I have wrought with you for my name's sake, not according to your wicked   
ways, nor according to your corrupt doings, O ye house of Israel, saith the     
ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>
Moreover the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, set thy face toward the south,   
and drop thy word toward the south, and prophesy against the forest of the      
south field;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>
And say to the forest of the south, Hear the word of YHVH; Thus saith the       
ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I will kindle a fire in thee, and it shall devour every    
green tree in thee, and every dry tree: the flaming flame shall not be          
quenched, and all faces from the south to the north shall be burned therein.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And all flesh   
shall see that I YHVH have kindled it: it shall not be quenched.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said I, Ah ADONAY    
YHVH! they say of me, Doth he not speak parables?</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This 
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B26C021.htm'>Ezekiel 21</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
