<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B23C008.htm'>Isaiah 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Nevertheless the dimness shall not be such as was in her vexation, when  
at the first he lightly afflicted the land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, 
and afterward did more grievously afflict her by the way of the sea, beyond     
Jordan, in Galilee of the nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>  
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The people that walked in darkness have seen a great      
light: they that dwell in the land of the shadow of death, upon them hath the   
light shined.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Thou hast multiplied the nation, and not increased the joy: they joy before     
thee according to the joy in harvest, and as men rejoice when they divide the   
spoil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For     
thou hast broken the yoke of his burden, and the staff of his shoulder, the rod 
of his oppressor, as in the day of Midian.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For every battle of the warrior is with confused  
noise, and garments rolled in blood; but this shall be with burning and fuel of 
fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For unto 
us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon    
his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty    
EL, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Of the increase of his government   
and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his         
kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from   
henceforth even for ever. The zeal of YHVH of hosts will perform this.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH sent a word into  
Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the people shall know, even Ephraim and   
the inhabitant of Samaria, that say in the pride and stoutness of heart,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The bricks are  
fallen down, but we will build with hewn stones: the sycomores are cut down,    
but we will change them into cedars.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore YHVH shall set up the adversaries of  
Rezin against him, and join his enemies together;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>The Syrians before, and the       
Philistines behind; and they shall devour Israel with open mouth. For all this  
his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For the people turneth    
not unto him that smiteth them, neither do they seek YHVH of hosts.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore YHVH will  
cut off from Israel head and tail, branch and rush, in one day.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>The ancient and           
honourable, he is the head; and the prophet that teacheth lies, he is the       
tail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For    
the leaders of this people cause them to err; and they that are led of them are 
destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Therefore the ADONAY shall have no joy in their young men, neither shall have   
mercy on their fatherless and widows: for every one is an hypocrite and an      
evildoer, and every mouth speaketh folly. For all this his anger is not turned  
away, but his hand is stretched out still.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For wickedness burneth as the fire: it shall    
devour the briers and thorns, and shall kindle in the thickets of the forest,   
and they shall mount up like the lifting up of smoke.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Through the wrath of YHVH of      
hosts is the land darkened, and the people shall be as the fuel of the fire: no 
man shall spare his brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>   
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall snatch on the right hand, and be hungry; and he 
shall eat on the left hand, and they shall not be satisfied: they shall eat     
every man the flesh of his own arm:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Manasseh, Ephraim; and Ephraim, Manasseh: and they       
together shall be against Judah. For all this his anger is not turned away, but 
his hand is stretched out still.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is      
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B23C010.htm'>Isaiah 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
