<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C016.htm'>1st Samuel 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Now the Philistines gathered together their armies to battle, and were   
gathered together at Shochoh, which belongeth to Judah, and pitched between     
Shochoh and Azekah, in Ephesdammim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2> 
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul and the men of Israel were gathered together,    
and pitched by the valley of Elah, and set the battle in array against the      
Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the Philistines stood on a mountain on the one side, and Israel stood on a  
mountain on the other side: and there was a valley between them.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And there went out a        
champion out of the camp of the Philistines, named Goliath, of Gath, whose      
height was six cubits and a span.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>   
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he had an helmet of brass upon his head, and he was   
armed with a coat of mail; and the weight of the coat was five thousand shekels 
of brass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he had greaves of brass upon his legs, and a target of brass between his        
shoulders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the staff of his spear was like a weaver's beam; and his spear's head weighed   
six hundred shekels of iron: and one bearing a shield went before him.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he stood and cried 
unto the armies of Israel, and said unto them, Why are ye come out to set your  
battle in array? am not I a Philistine, and ye servants to Saul? choose you a   
man for you, and let him come down to me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>If he be able to fight with me, and to kill me,   
then will we be your servants: but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then 
shall ye be our servants, and serve us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Philistine said, I defy the armies of   
Israel this day; give me a man, that we may fight together.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>When Saul and all Israel      
heard those words of the Philistine, they were dismayed, and greatly afraid.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now David was   
the son of that Ephrathite of Bethlehemjudah, whose name was Jesse; and he had  
eight sons: and the man went among men for an old man in the days of Saul.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the three   
eldest sons of Jesse went and followed Saul to the battle: and the names of his 
three sons that went to the battle were Eliab the firstborn, and next unto him  
Abinadab, and the third Shammah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And David was the youngest: and the three eldest         
followed Saul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But David went and returned from Saul to feed his father's sheep at          
Bethlehem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the Philistine drew near morning and evening, and presented himself forty   
days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Jesse said unto David his son, Take now for thy brethren an ephah of this       
parched corn, and these ten loaves, and run to the camp of thy brethren;</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And carry these 
ten cheeses unto the captain of their thousand, and look how thy brethren fare, 
and take their pledge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Now Saul, and they, and all the men of Israel, were in the valley   
of Elah, fighting with the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And David rose up early in the morning, and     
left the sheep with a keeper, and took, and went, as Jesse had commanded him;   
and he came to the trench, as the host was going forth to the fight, and        
shouted for the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For Israel and the Philistines had put the battle in array, army    
against army.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And David left his carriage in the hand of the keeper of the carriage, and   
ran into the army, and came and saluted his brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And as he talked with them,       
behold, there came up the champion, the Philistine of Gath, Goliath by name,    
out of the armies of the Philistines, and spake according to the same words:    
and David heard them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And all the men of Israel, when they saw the man, fled from him,    
and were sore afraid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel said, Have ye seen this man that is come up?  
surely to defy Israel is he come up: and it shall be, that the man who killeth  
him, the king will enrich him with great riches, and will give him his          
daughter, and make his father's house free in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And David spake to the men that   
stood by him, saying, What shall be done to the man that killeth this           
Philistine, and taketh away the reproach from Israel? for who is this           
uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living          
ELOHIYM?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the people answered him after this manner, saying, So shall it be done to the   
man that killeth him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Eliab his eldest brother heard when he spake unto the men; and  
Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why camest thou down      
hither? and with whom hast thou left those few sheep in the wilderness? I know  
thy pride, and the naughtiness of thine heart; for thou art come down that thou 
mightest see the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And David said, What have I now done? Is there not a cause?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And he turned from   
him toward another, and spake after the same manner: and the people answered    
him again after the former manner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31> 
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the words were heard which David spake, they    
rehearsed them before Saul: and he sent for him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said to Saul, Let no    
man's heart fail because of him; thy servant will go and fight with this        
Philistine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to      
fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his          
youth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a     
lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And I went out after him, and     
smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I   
caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy servant slew both the lion    
and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing 
he hath defied the armies of the living ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>David said moreover, YHVH that    
delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he     
will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David,   
Go, and YHVH be with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>     
38</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul armed David with his armor, and he put an helmet of 
brass upon his head; also he armed him with a coat of mail.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And David girded his sword    
upon his armor, and he assayed to go; for he had not proved it. And David said  
unto Saul, I cannot go with these; for I have not proved them. And David put    
them off him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And he took his staff in his hand, and chose him five smooth stones out of   
the brook, and put them in a shepherd's bag which he had, even in a scrip; and  
his sling was in his hand: and he drew near to the Philistine.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Philistine came on    
and drew near unto David; and the man that bare the shield went before him.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the    
Philistine looked about, and saw David, he disdained him: for he was but a      
youth, and ruddy, and of a fair countenance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Philistine said unto David, Am I a dog, 
that thou comest to me with staves? And the Philistine cursed David by his      
gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the Philistine said to David, Come to me, and I will give thy flesh unto the    
fowls of the air, and to the beasts of the field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said David to the            
Philistine, Thou comest to me with a sword, and with a spear, and with a        
shield: but I come to thee in the name of YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of the     
armies of Israel, whom thou hast defied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>This day will YHVH deliver thee into mine hand; 
and I will smite thee, and take thine head from thee; and I will give the       
carcasses of the host of the Philistines this day unto the fowls of the air,    
and to the wild beasts of the earth; that all the earth may know that there is  
a ELOHIYM in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And all this assembly shall know that YHVH saveth not with sword    
and spear: for the battle is YHVH's, and he will give you into our hands.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to  
pass, when the Philistine arose, and came, and drew nigh to meet David, that    
David hastened, and ran toward the army to meet the Philistine.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And David put his hand in 
his bag, and took thence a stone, and slang it, and smote the Philistine in his 
forehead, that the stone sunk into his forehead; and he fell upon his face to   
the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>  
So David prevailed over the Philistine with a sling and with a stone, and smote 
the Philistine, and slew him; but there was no sword in the hand of David.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore David 
ran, and stood upon the Philistine, and took his sword, and drew it out of the  
sheath thereof, and slew him, and cut off his head therewith. And when the      
Philistines saw their champion was dead, they fled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel and of      
Judah arose, and shouted, and pursued the Philistines, until thou come to the   
valley, and to the gates of Ekron. And the wounded of the Philistines fell down 
by the way to Shaaraim, even unto Gath, and unto Ekron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel        
returned from chasing after the Philistines, and they spoiled their tents.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>And David took  
the head of the Philistine, and brought it to Jerusalem; but he put his armor   
in his tent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>55</H4></TD><TD><P>
And when Saul saw David go forth against the Philistine, he said unto Abner,    
the captain of the host, Abner, whose son is this youth? And Abner said, As thy 
soul liveth, O king, I cannot tell.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V56>
<H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said, Inquire thou whose son the stripling  
is.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V57><H4>57</H4></TD><TD><P>And as   
David returned from the slaughter of the Philistine, Abner took him, and        
brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V58><H4>58</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said to     
him, Whose son art thou, thou young man? And David answered, I am the son of    
thy servant Jesse the Bethlehemite.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is   
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B09C018.htm'>1st Samuel 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
