<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Joel, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B29C002.htm'>Joel 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the    
Prophet Joel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>       
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>For, behold, in those days, and in that time, when I shall bring again   
the captivity of Judah and Jerusalem,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>I will also gather all nations, and will bring    
them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and will plead with them there for my 
people and for my heritage Israel, whom they have scattered among the nations,  
and parted my land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And they have cast lots for my people; and have given a boy for an       
harlot, and sold a girl for wine, that they might drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, and what have ye to do with    
me, O Tyre, and Zidon, and all the coasts of Palestine? will ye render me a     
recompence? and if ye recompense me, swiftly and speedily will I return your    
recompence upon your own head;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>Because ye have taken my silver and my gold, and have carried 
into your temples my goodly pleasant things:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>The children also of Judah and the children of    
Jerusalem have ye sold unto the Grecians, that ye might remove them far from    
their border.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Behold, I will raise them out of the place whither ye have sold them, and will  
return your recompence upon your own head:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will sell your sons and your daughters into 
the hand of the children of Judah, and they shall sell them to the Sabeans, to  
a people far off: for YHVH hath spoken it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Proclaim ye this among the Gentiles; Prepare war, 
wake up the mighty men, let all the men of war draw near; let them come up:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Beat your       
plowshares into swords and your pruninghooks into spears: let the weak say, I   
am strong.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Assemble yourselves, and come, all ye heathen, and gather yourselves together   
round about: thither cause thy mighty ones to come down, O YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Let the heathen be        
wakened, and come up to the valley of Jehoshaphat: for there will I sit to      
judge all the heathen round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13> 
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Put ye in the sickle, for the harvest is ripe: come, get 
you down; for the press is full, the fats overflow; for their wickedness is     
great.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Multitudes, multitudes in the valley of decision: for the day of YHVH is near   
in the valley of decision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>     
15</H4></TD><TD><P>The sun and the moon shall be darkened, and the stars shall  
withdraw their shining.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>YHVH also shall roar out of Zion, and utter his voice from          
Jerusalem; and the heavens and the earth shall shake: but YHVH will be the hope 
of his people, and the strength of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>So shall ye know that I am YHVH   
your ELOHIYM dwelling in Zion, my holy mountain: then shall Jerusalem be holy,  
and there shall no strangers pass through her any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass in that 
day, that the mountains shall drop down new wine, and the hills shall flow with 
milk, and all the rivers of Judah shall flow with waters, and a fountain shall  
come forth out of the house of YHVH, and shall water the valley of Shittim.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Egypt shall be  
a desolation, and Edom shall be a desolate wilderness, for the violence against 
the children of Judah, because they have shed innocent blood in their land.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Judah shall 
dwell for ever, and Jerusalem from generation to generation.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will cleanse their      
blood that I have not cleansed: for YHVH dwelleth in Zion.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B30C001.htm'>Amos 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
