<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B38C007.htm'>Zechariah 7</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Again the word of YHVH of hosts     
came to me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; I was jealous for Zion with great jealousy,    
and I was jealous for her with great fury.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; I am returned unto Zion, and     
will dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and Jerusalem shall be called a city of   
truth; and the mountain of YHVH of hosts the holy mountain.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; There 
shall yet old men and old women dwell in the streets of Jerusalem, and every    
man with his staff in his hand for very age.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the streets of the city shall be full of boys 
and girls playing in the streets thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; If it be marvellous in  
the eyes of the remnant of this people in these days, should it also be         
marvellous in mine eyes? saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Behold, I will save  
my people from the east country, and from the west country;</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring them, and they 
shall dwell in the midst of Jerusalem: and they shall be my people, and I will  
be their ELOHIYM, in truth and in righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Let your  
hands be strong, ye that hear in these days these words by the mouth of the     
prophets, which were in the day that the foundation of the house of YHVH of     
hosts was laid, that the temple might be built.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For before these days there was no hire for  
man, nor any hire for beast; neither was there any peace to him that went out   
or came in because of the affliction: for I set all men every one against his   
neighbour.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But now I will not be unto the residue of this people as in the former days,    
saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>For the seed shall be prosperous; the vine shall give her fruit,    
and the ground shall give her increase, and the heavens shall give their dew;   
and I will cause the remnant of this people to possess all these things.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
come to pass, that as ye were a curse among the heathen, O house of Judah, and  
house of Israel; so will I save you, and ye shall be a blessing: fear not, but  
let your hands be strong.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>      
14</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts; As I thought to punish you,    
when your fathers provoked me to wrath, saith YHVH of hosts, and I repented     
not:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So      
again have I thought in these days to do well unto Jerusalem and to the house   
of Judah: fear ye not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>These are the things that ye shall do; Speak ye every man the truth 
to his neighbour; execute the judgment of truth and peace in your gates:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And let none of 
you imagine evil in your hearts against his neighbour; and love no false oath:  
for all these are things that I hate, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the word of YHVH of hosts     
came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; The fast of the fourth month, and the     
fast of the fifth, and the fast of the seventh, and the fast of the tenth,      
shall be to the house of Judah joy and gladness, and cheerful feasts; therefore 
love the truth and peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>      
20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; It shall yet come to pass, that    
there shall come people, and the inhabitants of many cities:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the inhabitants of one    
city shall go to another, saying, Let us go speedily to pray before YHVH, and   
to seek YHVH of hosts: I will go also.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, many people and strong nations shall come  
to seek YHVH of hosts in Jerusalem, and to pray before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; In  
those days it shall come to pass, that ten men shall take hold out of all       
languages of the nations, even shall take hold of the skirt of him that is a    
Jew, saying, We will go with you: for we have heard that ELOHIYM is with        
you.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt,  
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B38C009.htm'>Zechariah 9</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
