<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C006.htm'>2nd Chronicles 6</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when Solomon had made an end of 
praying, the fire came down from heaven, and consumed the burnt offering and    
the sacrifices; and the glory of YHVH filled the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priests could not enter     
into the house of YHVH, because the glory of YHVH had filled YHVH's house.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the  
children of Israel saw how the fire came down, and the glory of YHVH upon the   
house, they bowed themselves with their faces to the ground upon the pavement,  
and worshipped, and praised YHVH, saying, For he is good; for his mercy         
endureth for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then the king and all the people offered sacrifices before YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Solomon       
offered a sacrifice of twenty and two thousand oxen, and an hundred and twenty  
thousand sheep: so the king and all the people dedicated the house of           
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the priests waited on their offices: the Levites also with instruments of music 
of YHVH, which David the king had made to praise YHVH, because his mercy        
endureth for ever, when David praised by their ministry; and the priests        
sounded trumpets before them, and all Israel stood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Solomon hallowed the       
middle of the court that was before the house of YHVH: for there he offered     
burnt offerings, and the fat of the peace offerings, because the brazen altar   
which Solomon had made was not able to receive the burnt offerings, and the     
meat offerings, and the fat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>    
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Also at the same time Solomon kept the feast seven days, and  
all Israel with him, a very great congregation, from the entering in of Hamath  
unto the river of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And in the eighth day they made a solemn assembly: for they kept    
the dedication of the altar seven days, and the feast seven days.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the three and      
twentieth day of the seventh month he sent the people away into their tents,    
glad and merry in heart for the goodness that YHVH had showed unto David, and   
to Solomon, and to Israel his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus Solomon finished the house of YHVH, and    
the king's house: and all that came into Solomon's heart to make in the house   
of YHVH, and in his own house, he prosperously effected.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH appeared to Solomon by   
night, and said unto him, I have heard thy prayer, and have chosen this place   
to myself for an house of sacrifice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>If I shut up heaven that there be no rain, or   
if I command the locusts to devour the land, or if I send pestilence among my   
people;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>If   
my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and  
seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven,    
and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now mine eyes shall be open, and  
mine ears attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For now have I chosen and     
sanctified this house, that my name may be there for ever: and mine eyes and    
mine heart shall be there perpetually.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And as for thee, if thou wilt walk before me,   
as David thy father walked, and do according to all that I have commanded thee, 
and shalt observe my statutes and my judgments;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I stablish the throne of thy       
kingdom, according as I have covenanted with David thy father, saying, There    
shall not fail thee a man to be ruler in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye turn away, and forsake  
my statutes and my commandments, which I have set before you, and shall go and  
serve other gods, and worship them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I pluck them up by the roots out of my land    
which I have given them; and this house, which I have sanctified for my name,   
will I cast out of my sight, and will make it to be a proverb and a byword      
among all nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And this house, which is high, shall be an astonishment to every one     
that passeth by it; so that he shall say, Why hath YHVH done thus unto this     
land, and unto this house?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>     
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be answered, Because they forsook YHVH ELOHIYM  
of their fathers, which brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, and laid   
hold on other gods, and worshipped them, and served them: therefore hath he     
brought all this evil upon them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is      
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C008.htm'>2nd Chronicles 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
