<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 22 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C021.htm'>Deuteronomy 21</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not see thy          
brother's ox or his sheep go astray, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt in  
any case bring them again unto thy brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thy brother be not nigh unto thee, or if   
thou know him not, then thou shalt bring it unto thine own house, and it shall  
be with thee until thy brother seek after it, and thou shalt restore it to him  
again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>In like 
manner shalt thou do with his ass; and so shalt thou do with his raiment; and   
with all lost thing of thy brother's, which he hath lost, and thou hast found,  
shalt thou do likewise: thou mayest not hide thyself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not see thy brother's    
ass or his ox fall down by the way, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt      
surely help him to lift them up again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The woman shall not wear that which pertaineth    
unto a man, neither shall a man put on a woman's garment: for all that do so    
are abomination unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>If a bird's nest chance to be before thee in the  
way in any tree, or on the ground, whether they be young ones, or eggs, and the 
dam sitting upon the young, or upon the eggs, thou shalt not take the dam with  
the young:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
thou shalt in any wise let the dam go, and take the young to thee; that it may  
be well with thee, and that thou mayest prolong thy days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>When thou buildest a new house,     
then thou shalt make a battlement for thy roof, that thou bring not blood upon  
thine house, if any man fall from thence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not sow thy vineyard with divers       
seeds: lest the fruit of thy seed which thou hast sown, and the fruit of thy    
vineyard, be defiled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not plow with an ox and an ass together.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not wear a     
garment of divers sorts, as of woolen and linen together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt make thee fringes upon 
the four quarters of thy vesture, wherewith thou coverest thyself.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>If any man take a wife,   
and go in unto her, and hate her,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>  
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And give occasions of speech against her, and bring up   
an evil name upon her, and say, I took this woman, and when I came to her, I    
found her not a maid:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring 
forth the tokens of the damsel's virginity unto the elders of the city in the   
gate:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the damsel's father shall say unto the elders, I gave my daughter unto this man 
to wife, and he hateth her;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>    
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And, lo, he hath given occasions of speech against her,      
saying, I found not thy daughter a maid; and yet these are the tokens of my     
daughter's virginity. And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the  
city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the elders of that city shall take that man and chastise him;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall amerce him in  
an hundred shekels of silver, and give them unto the father of the damsel,      
because he hath brought up an evil name upon a virgin of Israel: and she shall  
be his wife; he may not put her away all his days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But if this thing be true, and    
the tokens of virginity be not found for the damsel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they shall bring out the     
damsel to the door of her father's house, and the men of her city shall stone   
her with stones that she die: because she hath wrought folly in Israel, to play 
the whore in her father's house: so shalt thou put evil away from among you.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man be     
found lying with a woman married to an husband, then they shall both of them    
die, both the man that lay with the woman, and the woman: so shalt thou put     
away evil from Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>If a damsel that is a virgin be betrothed unto an husband, and a    
man find her in the city, and lie with her;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then ye shall bring them both out unto the gate 
of that city, and ye shall stone them with stones that they die; the damsel,    
because she cried not, being in the city; and the man, because he hath humbled  
his neighbor's wife: so thou shalt put away evil from among you.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But if a man find a       
betrothed damsel in the field, and the man force her, and lie with her: then    
the man only that lay with her shall die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But unto the damsel thou shalt do nothing;      
there is in the damsel no sin worthy of death: for as when a man riseth against 
his neighbor, and slayeth him, even so is this matter:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>For he found her in the field,    
and the betrothed damsel cried, and there was none to save her.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man find a damsel    
that is a virgin, which is not betrothed, and lay hold on her, and lie with     
her, and they be found;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Then the man that lay with her shall give unto the damsel's father  
fifty shekels of silver, and she shall be his wife; because he hath humbled     
her, he may not put her away all his days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>A man shall not take his father's wife, nor     
discover his father's skirt.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is          
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C023.htm'>Deuteronomy 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
