<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C008.htm'>Jeremiah 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to  
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Oh that my head were waters, and mine eyes a fountain of      
tears, that I might weep day and night for the slain of the daughter of my      
people!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Oh     
that I had in the wilderness a lodging place of wayfaring men; that I might     
leave my people, and go from them! for they be all adulterers, an assembly of   
treacherous men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And they bend their tongues like their bow for lies: but they are not        
valiant for the truth upon the earth; for they proceed from evil to evil, and   
they know not me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>Take ye heed every one of his neighbour, and trust ye not in  
any brother: for every brother will utterly supplant, and every neighbour will  
walk with slanders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And they will deceive every one his neighbour, and will not speak the    
truth: they have taught their tongue to speak lies, and weary themselves to     
commit iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Thine habitation is in the midst of deceit; through deceit they refuse to    
know me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of hosts, Behold, I will melt them, and try    
them; for how shall I do for the daughter of my people?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Their tongue is as an arrow shot    
out; it speaketh deceit: one speaketh peaceably to his neighbour with his       
mouth, but in heart he layeth his wait.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall I not visit them for these things? saith    
YHVH: shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For the mountains will I take 
up a weeping and wailing, and for the habitations of the wilderness a           
lamentation, because they are burned up, so that none can pass through them;    
neither can men hear the voice of the cattle; both the fowl of the heavens and  
the beast are fled; they are gone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11> 
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make Jerusalem heaps, and a den of dragons;   
and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, without an inhabitant.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Who is the wise man, 
that may understand this? and who is he to whom the mouth of YHVH hath spoken,  
that he may declare it, for what the land perisheth and is burned up like a     
wilderness, that none passeth through?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH saith, Because they have forsaken my   
law which I set before them, and have not obeyed my voice, neither walked       
therein;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
have walked after the imagination of their own heart, and after Baalim, which   
their fathers taught them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>     
15</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel;   
Behold, I will feed them, even this people, with wormwood, and give them water  
of gall to drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>I will scatter them also among the heathen, whom neither they nor their  
fathers have known: and I will send a sword after them, till I have consumed    
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH of hosts, Consider ye, and call for the mourning women, that they    
may come; and send for cunning women, that they may come:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And let them make haste, and take 
up a wailing for us, that our eyes may run down with tears, and our eyelids     
gush out with waters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>For a voice of wailing is heard out of Zion, How are we spoiled! we 
are greatly confounded, because we have forsaken the land, because our          
dwellings have cast us out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>    
20</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet hear the word of YHVH, O ye women, and let your ear      
receive the word of his mouth, and teach your daughters wailing, and every one  
her neighbour lamentation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>     
21</H4></TD><TD><P>For death is come up into our windows, and is entered into   
our palaces, to cut off the children from without, and the young men from the   
streets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Speak, Thus saith YHVH, Even the carcases of men shall fall as dung upon the    
open field, and as the handful after the harvestman, and none shall gather      
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH, Let not the wise man glory in his wisdom, neither let the mighty    
man glory in his might, let not the rich man glory in his riches:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>But let him that glorieth 
glory in this, that he understandeth and knoweth me, that I am YHVH which       
exercise lovingkindness, judgment, and righteousness, in the earth: for in      
these things I delight, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25>
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that I will punish    
all them which are circumcised with the uncircumcised;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Egypt, and Judah, and Edom, and   
the children of Ammon, and Moab, and all that are in the utmost corners, that   
dwell in the wilderness: for all these nations are uncircumcised, and all the   
house of Israel are uncircumcised in the heart.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This   
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B24C010.htm'>Jeremiah 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
