<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Acts of the Apostles, Chapter 25 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B44C024.htm'>Acts 24</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Acts of the   
Apostles</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now when Festus was come into the province, after three days he ascended from   
Caesarea to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then the high priest and the chief of the Jews informed him against 
Paul, and besought him,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And desired favour against him, that he would send for him to       
Jerusalem, laying wait in the way to kill him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But Festus answered, that Paul should be kept  
at Caesarea, and that he himself would depart shortly thither.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Let them therefore, said he,    
which among you are able, go down with me, and accuse this man, if there be any 
wickedness in him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when he had tarried among them more than ten days, he went down unto 
Caesarea; and the next day sitting on the judgment seat commanded Paul to be    
brought.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when he was come, the Jews which came down from Jerusalem stood round about,    
and laid many and grievous complaints against Paul, which they could not        
prove.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>While   
he answered for himself, Neither against the law of the Jews, neither against   
the temple, nor yet against Caesar, have I offended any thing at all.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But Festus, willing to 
do the Jews a pleasure, answered Paul, and said, Wilt thou go up to Jerusalem,  
and there be judged of these things before me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Paul, I stand at Caesar's judgment 
seat, where I ought to be judged: to the Jews have I done no wrong, as thou     
very well knowest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For if I be an offender, or have committed any thing worthy of death, I  
refuse not to die: but if there be none of these things whereof these accuse    
me, no man may deliver me unto them. I appeal unto Caesar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Festus, when he had          
conferred with the council, answered, Hast thou appealed unto Caesar? unto      
Caesar shalt thou go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And after certain days king Agrippa and Bernice came unto Caesarea  
to salute Festus.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And when they had been there many days, Festus declared Paul's cause     
unto the king, saying, There is a certain man left in bonds by Felix:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>About whom, when I   
was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me,     
desiring to have judgment against him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>To whom I answered, It is not the manner of the 
Romans to deliver any man to die, before that he which is accused have the      
accusers face to face, and have licence to answer for himself concerning the    
crime laid against him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Therefore, when they were come hither, without any delay on the     
morrow I sat on the judgment seat, and commanded the man to be brought          
forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Against whom when the accusers stood up, they brought none accusation of such   
things as I supposed:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But had certain questions against him of their own superstition,    
and of one YAHSHUA, which was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And because I        
doubted of such manner of questions, I asked him whether he would go to         
Jerusalem, and there be judged of these matters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But when Paul had appealed to be  
reserved unto the hearing of Augustus, I commanded him to be kept till I might  
send him to Caesar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then Agrippa said unto Festus, I would also hear the man myself. To      
morrow, said he, thou shalt hear him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the morrow, when Agrippa was come, and   
Bernice, with great pomp, and was entered into the place of hearing, with the   
chief captains, and principal men of the city, at Festus' commandment Paul was  
brought forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And Festus said, King Agrippa, and all men which are here present with us,   
ye see this man, about whom all the multitude of the Jews have dealt with me,   
both at Jerusalem, and also here, crying that he ought not to live any          
longer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
when I found that he had committed nothing worthy of death, and that he himself 
hath appealed to Augustus, I have determined to send him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Of whom I have no certain thing   
to write unto my lord. Wherefore I have brought him forth before you, and       
specially before thee, O king Agrippa, that, after examination had, I might     
have somewhat to write.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>For it seemeth to me unreasonable to send a prisoner, and not       
withal to signify the crimes laid against him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This    
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B44C026.htm'>Acts 26</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
