<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 34 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C033.htm'>Exodus 33</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 34</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Hew thee two tables of  
stone like unto the first: and I will write upon these tables the words that    
were in the first tables, which thou brakest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And be ready in the morning, and come up in    
the morning unto mount Sinai, and present thyself there to me in the top of the 
mount.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And no  
man shall come up with thee, neither let any man be seen throughout all the     
mount; neither let the flocks nor herds feed before that mount.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hewed two tables of  
stone like unto the first; and Moses rose up early in the morning, and went up  
unto mount Sinai, as YHVH had commanded him, and took in his hand the two       
tables of stone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And YHVH descended in the cloud, and stood with him there, and proclaimed    
the name of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And YHVH passed by before him, and proclaimed, YHVH, YHVH EL, merciful and   
gracious, long-suffering, and abundant in goodness and truth,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Keeping mercy for thousands,    
forgiving iniquity and transgression and sin, and that will by no means clear   
the guilty; visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children, and upon    
the children's children, unto the third and to the fourth generation.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses made haste,  
and bowed his head toward the earth, and worshipped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, If now I have found    
grace in thy sight, O ADONAY, let my ADONAY, I pray thee, go among us; for it   
is a stiffnecked people; and pardon our iniquity and our sin, and take us for   
thine inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he said, Behold, I make a covenant: before all thy people I will do  
marvels, such as have not been done in all the earth, nor in any nation: and    
all the people among which thou art shall see the work of YHVH: for it is a     
terrible thing that I will do with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Observe thou that which I command thee this     
day: behold, I drive out before thee the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the    
Hittite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed to thyself, lest    
thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land whither thou goest, lest  
it be for a snare in the midst of thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But ye shall destroy their altars, break their  
images, and cut down their groves:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14> 
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For thou shalt worship no other god: for YHVH, whose     
name is Jealous, is a jealous EL:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>  
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Lest thou make a covenant with the inhabitants of the    
land, and they go a whoring after their gods, and do sacrifice unto their gods, 
and one call thee, and thou eat of his sacrifice;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou take of their daughters  
unto thy sons, and their daughters go a whoring after their gods, and make thy  
sons go a whoring after their gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt make thee no molten gods.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The feast of unleavened bread 
shalt thou keep. Seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread, as I commanded     
thee, in the time of the month Abib: for in the month Abib thou camest out from 
Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>All   
that openeth the matrix is mine; and every firstling among thy cattle, whether  
ox or sheep, that is male.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>     
20</H4></TD><TD><P>But the firstling of an ass thou shalt redeem with a lamb:   
and if thou redeem him not, then shalt thou break his neck. All the firstborn   
of thy sons thou shalt redeem. And none shall appear before me empty.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Six days thou shalt  
work, but on the seventh day thou shalt rest: in earing time and in harvest     
thou shalt rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And thou shalt observe the feast of weeks, of the firstfruits of wheat   
harvest, and the feast of ingathering at the year's end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thrice in the year shall all your 
men children appear before YHVH YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will cast out the       
nations before thee, and enlarge thy borders: neither shall any man desire thy  
land, when thou shalt go up to appear before YHVH thy ELOHIYM thrice in the     
year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou   
shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leaven; neither shall the        
sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>The first of the          
firstfruits of thy land thou shalt bring unto the house of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.    
Thou shalt not seethe a kid in his mother's milk.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Write   
thou these words: for after the tenor of these words I have made a covenant     
with thee and with Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>     
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was there with YHVH forty days and forty nights; he   
did neither eat bread, nor drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words  
of the covenant, the ten commandments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when Moses came down from  
mount Sinai with the two tables of testimony in Moses' hand, when he came down  
from the mount, that Moses wist not that the skin of his face shone while he    
talked with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when Aaron and all the children of Israel saw Moses, behold, the     
skin of his face shone; and they were afraid to come nigh him.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses called unto them;   
and Aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him: and Moses   
talked with them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And afterward all the children of Israel came nigh: and he gave them in  
commandment all that YHVH had spoken with him in mount Sinai.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And till Moses had done       
speaking with them, he put a vail on his face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>But when Moses went in before YHVH to speak  
with him, he took the vail off, until he came out. And he came out, and spake   
unto the children of Israel that which he was commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel saw    
the face of Moses, that the skin of Moses' face shone: and Moses put the vail   
upon his face again, until he went in to speak with him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B02C035.htm'>Exodus 35</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
