<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C021.htm'>Jeremiah 21</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Go down to the 
house of the king of Judah, and speak there this word,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And say, Hear the word of YHVH, O   
king of Judah, that sittest upon the throne of David, thou, and thy servants,   
and thy people that enter in by these gates:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Execute ye judgment and          
righteousness, and deliver the spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor: and do 
no wrong, do no violence to the stranger, the fatherless, nor the widow,        
neither shed innocent blood in this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For if ye do this thing indeed, then shall there  
enter in by the gates of this house kings sitting upon the throne of David,     
riding in chariots and on horses, he, and his servants, and his people.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye will not     
hear these words, I swear by myself, saith YHVH, that this house shall become a 
desolation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
For thus saith YHVH unto the king's house of Judah; Thou art Gilead unto me,    
and the head of Lebanon: yet surely I will make thee a wilderness, and cities   
which are not inhabited.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And I will prepare destroyers against thee, every one with his      
weapons: and they shall cut down thy choice cedars, and cast them into the      
fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And many 
nations shall pass by this city, and they shall say every man to his neighbour, 
Wherefore hath YHVH done thus unto this great city?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they shall answer, Because     
they have forsaken the covenant of YHVH their ELOHIYM, and worshipped other     
gods, and served them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for him 
that goeth away: for he shall return no more, nor see his native country.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith  
YHVH touching Shallum the son of Josiah king of Judah, which reigned instead of 
Josiah his father, which went forth out of this place; He shall not return      
thither any more:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But he shall die in the place whither they have led him captive, and     
shall see this land no more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto him that buildeth his house by unrighteousness, and 
his chambers by wrong; that useth his neighbour's service without wages, and    
giveth him not for his work;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>That saith, I will build me a wide house and large chambers, 
and cutteth him out windows; and it is cieled with cedar, and painted with      
vermilion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Shalt thou reign, because thou closest thyself in cedar? did not thy father eat 
and drink, and do judgment and justice, and then it was well with him?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>He judged the cause  
of the poor and needy; then it was well with him: was not this to know me?      
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P> 
But thine eyes and thine heart are not but for thy covetousness, and for to     
shed innocent blood, and for oppression, and for violence, to do it.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith 
YHVH concerning Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah; They shall not       
lament for him, saying, Ah my brother! or, Ah sister! they shall not lament for 
him, saying, Ah lord! or, Ah his glory!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall be buried with the burial of an ass,   
drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Go up to Lebanon, and cry; and    
lift up thy voice in Bashan, and cry from the passages: for all thy lovers are  
destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>I 
spake unto thee in thy prosperity; but thou saidst, I will not hear. This hath  
been thy manner from thy youth, that thou obeyedst not my voice.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>The wind shall eat up all 
thy pastors, and thy lovers shall go into captivity: surely then shalt thou be  
ashamed and confounded for all thy wickedness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>O inhabitant of Lebanon, that makest thy     
nest in the cedars, how gracious shalt thou be when pangs come upon thee, the   
pain as of a woman in travail!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4> 
24</H4></TD><TD><P>As I live, saith YHVH, though Coniah the son of Jehoiakim    
king of Judah were the signet upon my right hand, yet would I pluck thee        
thence;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
I will give thee into the hand of them that seek thy life, and into the hand of 
them whose face thou fearest, even into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of      
Babylon, and into the hand of the Chaldeans.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cast thee out, and thy mother that   
bare thee, into another country, where ye were not born; and there shall ye     
die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But to  
the land whereunto they desire to return, thither shall they not return.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Is this man     
Coniah a despised broken idol? is he a vessel wherein is no pleasure? wherefore 
are they cast out, he and his seed, and are cast into a land which they know    
not?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>O       
earth, earth, earth, hear the word of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, Write ye this man childless, a 
man that shall not prosper in his days: for no man of his seed shall prosper,   
sitting upon the throne of David, and ruling any more in Judah.</P></TD></TR>   
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C023.htm'>Jeremiah 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
