<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 25 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C024.htm'>Jeremiah 24</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word that came to Jeremiah  
concerning all the people of Judah in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of   
Josiah king of Judah, that was the first year of Nebuchadrezzar king of         
Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The   
which Jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of Judah, and to all the   
inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>   
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>From the thirteenth year of Josiah the son of Amon king   
of Judah, even unto this day, that is the three and twentieth year, the word of 
YHVH hath come unto me, and I have spoken unto you, rising early and speaking;  
but ye have not hearkened.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH hath sent unto you all his servants the prophets, rising   
early and sending them; but ye have not hearkened, nor inclined your ear to     
hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>They     
said, Turn ye again now every one from his evil way, and from the evil of your  
doings, and dwell in the land that YHVH hath given unto you and to your fathers 
for ever and ever:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And go not after other gods to serve them, and to worship them, and      
provoke me not to anger with the works of your hands; and I will do you no      
hurt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet ye   
have not hearkened unto me, saith YHVH; that ye might provoke me to anger with  
the works of your hands to your own hurt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of hosts; Because ye    
have not heard my words,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Behold, I will send and take all the families of the north, saith   
YHVH, and Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will bring them   
against this land, and against the inhabitants thereof, and against all these   
nations round about, and will utterly destroy them, and make them an            
astonishment, and an hissing, and perpetual desolations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I will take from them    
the voice of mirth, and the voice of gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and 
the voice of the bride, the sound of the millstones, and the light of the       
candle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
this whole land shall be a desolation, and an astonishment; and these nations   
shall serve the king of Babylon seventy years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, when seventy      
years are accomplished, that I will punish the king of Babylon, and that        
nation, saith YHVH, for their iniquity, and the land of the Chaldeans, and will 
make it perpetual desolations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4> 
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring upon that land all my words which I have    
pronounced against it, even all that is written in this book, which Jeremiah    
hath prophesied against all the nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For many nations and great kings shall serve    
themselves of them also: and I will recompense them according to their deeds,   
and according to the works of their own hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel unto   
me; Take the wine cup of this fury at my hand, and cause all the nations, to    
whom I send thee, to drink it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4> 
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall drink, and be moved, and be mad, because of   
the sword that I will send among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then took I the cup at YHVH's hand, and made    
all the nations to drink, unto whom YHVH had sent me:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>To wit, Jerusalem, and the cities 
of Judah, and the kings thereof, and the princes thereof, to make them a        
desolation, an astonishment, an hissing, and a curse; as it is this day;</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Pharaoh king of 
Egypt, and his servants, and his princes, and all his people;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the mingled people,   
and all the kings of the land of Uz, and all the kings of the land of the       
Philistines, and Ashkelon, and Azzah, and Ekron, and the remnant of Ashdod,</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Edom, and Moab, 
and the children of Ammon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>     
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the kings of Tyrus, and all the kings of Zidon, and  
the kings of the isles which are beyond the sea,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Dedan, and Tema, and Buz, and all 
that are in the utmost corners,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the kings of Arabia, and all the kings of the        
mingled people that dwell in the desert,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the kings of Zimri, and all the kings   
of Elam, and all the kings of the Medes,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the kings of the north, far and near,   
one with another, and all the kingdoms of the world, which are upon the face of 
the earth: and the king of Sheshach shall drink after them.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thou shalt say unto 
them, Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Drink ye, and be         
drunken, and spue, and fall, and rise no more, because of the sword which I     
will send among you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And it shall be, if they refuse to take the cup at thine hand to    
drink, then shalt thou say unto them, Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Ye shall        
certainly drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For, lo, I begin to bring evil on the city which is called by my name,   
and should ye be utterly unpunished? Ye shall not be unpunished: for I will     
call for a sword upon all the inhabitants of the earth, saith YHVH of hosts.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore       
prophesy thou against them all these words, and say unto them, YHVH shall roar  
from on high, and utter his voice from his holy habitation; he shall mightily   
roar upon his habitation; he shall give a shout, as they that tread the grapes, 
against all the inhabitants of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>A noise shall come even to the ends of the      
earth; for YHVH hath a controversy with the nations, he will plead with all     
flesh; he will give them that are wicked to the sword, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, 
Behold, evil shall go forth from nation to nation, and a great whirlwind shall  
be raised up from the coasts of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And the slain of YHVH shall be at that day from 
one end of the earth even unto the other end of the earth: they shall not be    
lamented, neither gathered, nor buried; they shall be dung upon the ground.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Howl, ye        
shepherds, and cry; and wallow yourselves in the ashes, ye principal of the     
flock: for the days of your slaughter and of your dispersions are accomplished; 
and ye shall fall like a pleasant vessel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And the shepherds shall have no way to flee,    
nor the principal of the flock to escape.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>A voice of the cry of the shepherds, and an     
howling of the principal of the flock, shall be heard: for YHVH hath spoiled    
their pasture.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the peaceable habitations are cut down because of the fierce anger of    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>He     
hath forsaken his covert, as the lion: for their land is desolate because of    
the fierceness of the oppressor, and because of his fierce anger.</P></TD></TR> 
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C026.htm'>Jeremiah 26</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
