<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 30 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C029.htm'>Deuteronomy 29</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 30</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, when 
all these things are come upon thee, the blessing and the curse, which I have   
set before thee, and thou shalt call them to mind among all the nations,        
whither YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath driven thee,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And shalt return unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM, and shalt 
obey his voice according to all that I command thee this day, thou and thy      
children, with all thine heart, and with all thy soul;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>That then YHVH thy ELOHIYM will     
turn thy captivity, and have compassion upon thee, and will return and gather   
thee from all the nations, whither YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath scattered thee.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>If any of thine   
be driven out unto the outmost parts of heaven, from thence will YHVH thy       
ELOHIYM gather thee, and from thence will he fetch thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH thy ELOHIYM will bring     
thee into the land which thy fathers possessed, and thou shalt possess it; and  
he will do thee good, and multiply thee above thy fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH thy ELOHIYM will           
circumcise thine heart, and the heart of thy seed, to love YHVH thy ELOHIYM     
with all thine heart, and with all thy soul, that thou mayest live.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH thy ELOHIYM   
will put all these curses upon thine enemies, and on them that hate thee, which 
persecuted thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And thou shalt return and obey the voice of YHVH, and do all his             
commandments which I command thee this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH thy ELOHIYM will make thee plenteous in  
every work of thine hand, in the fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy     
cattle, and in the fruit of thy land, for good: for YHVH will again rejoice     
over thee for good, as he rejoiced over thy fathers:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>If thou shalt hearken unto the    
voice of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to keep his commandments and his statutes which are  
written in this book of the law, and if thou turn unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM with    
all thine heart, and with all thy soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For this commandment which I command thee this  
day, it is not hidden from thee, neither is it far off.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>It is not in heaven, that thou    
shouldest say, Who shall go up for us to heaven, and bring it unto us, that we  
may hear it, and do it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Neither is it beyond the sea, that thou shouldest say, Who shall go 
over the sea for us, and bring it unto us, that we may hear it, and do it?</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But the word is 
very nigh unto thee, in thy mouth, and in thy heart, that thou mayest do it.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>See, I have set 
before thee this day life and good, and death and evil;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>In that I command thee this day   
to love YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to walk in his ways, and to keep his commandments and 
his statutes and his judgments, that thou mayest live and multiply: and YHVH    
thy ELOHIYM shall bless thee in the land whither thou goest to possess it.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thine    
heart turn away, so that thou wilt not hear, but shalt be drawn away, and       
worship other gods, and serve them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>I denounce unto you this day, that ye shall surely       
perish, and that ye shall not prolong your days upon the land, whither thou     
passest over Jordan to go to possess it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>I call heaven and earth to record this day      
against you, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing:   
therefore choose life, that both thou and thy seed may live:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>That thou mayest love YHVH    
thy ELOHIYM, and that thou mayest obey his voice, and that thou mayest cleave   
unto him: for he is thy life, and the length of thy days: that thou mayest      
dwell in the land which YHVH sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and  
to Jacob, to give them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright     
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C031.htm'>Deuteronomy 31</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
