<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 32 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C031.htm'>2nd Chronicles 31</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 32</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>After these things, and the     
establishment thereof, Sennacherib king of Assyria came, and entered into       
Judah, and encamped against the fenced cities, and thought to win them for      
himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when Hezekiah saw that Sennacherib was come, and that he was purposed to fight  
against Jerusalem,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters   
of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>So there was gathered  
much people together, who stopped all the fountains, and the brook that ran     
through the midst of the land, saying, Why should the kings of Assyria come,    
and find much water?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Also he strengthened himself, and built up all the wall that was broken, 
and raised it up to the towers, and another wall without, and repaired Millo in 
the city of David, and made darts and shields in abundance.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set captains of war over 
the people, and gathered them together to him in the street of the gate of the  
city, and spake comfortably to them, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Be strong and courageous, be not afraid nor       
dismayed for the king of Assyria, nor for all the multitude that is with him:   
for there be more with us than with him:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is YHVH  
our ELOHIYM to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested         
themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>After this did Sennacherib king of  
Assyria send his servants to Jerusalem, (but he himself laid siege against      
Lachish, and all his power with him,) unto Hezekiah king of Judah, and unto all 
Judah that were at Jerusalem, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith Sennacherib king of Assyria, Whereon 
do ye trust, that ye abide in the siege in Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Doth not Hezekiah persuade you to 
give over yourselves to die by famine and by thirst, saying, YHVH our ELOHIYM   
shall deliver us out of the hand of the king of Assyria?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Hath not the same Hezekiah taken  
away his high places and his altars, and commanded Judah and Jerusalem, saying, 
Ye shall worship before one altar, and burn incense upon it?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Know ye not what I and my     
fathers have done unto all the people of other lands? were the gods of the      
nations of those lands any ways able to deliver their lands out of mine         
hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Who    
was there among all the gods of those nations that my fathers utterly           
destroyed, that could deliver his people out of mine hand, that your ELOHIYM    
should be able to deliver you out of mine hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore let not Hezekiah deceive you,  
nor persuade you on this manner, neither yet believe him: for no god of any     
nation or kingdom was able to deliver his people out of mine hand, and out of   
the hand of my fathers: how much less shall your ELOHIYM deliver you out of     
mine hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And his servants spake yet more against YHVH ELOHIYM, and against his servant   
Hezekiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>He 
wrote also letters to rail on YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, and to speak against him, 
saying, As the gods of the nations of other lands have not delivered their      
people out of mine hand, so shall not the ELOHIYM of Hezekiah deliver his       
people out of mine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then they cried with a loud voice in the Jews' speech unto the      
people of Jerusalem that were on the wall, to affright them, and to trouble     
them; that they might take the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they spake against the ELOHIYM of           
Jerusalem, as against the gods of the people of the earth, which were the work  
of the hands of man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And for this cause Hezekiah the king, and the prophet Isaiah the    
son of Amoz, prayed and cried to heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH sent an angel, which cut off all the   
mighty men of valor, and the leaders and captains in the camp of the king of    
Assyria. So he returned with shame of face to his own land. And when he was     
come into the house of his god, they that came forth of his own bowels slew him 
there with the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thus YHVH saved Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem from the  
hand of Sennacherib the king of Assyria, and from the hand of all other, and    
guided them on every side.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>     
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And many brought gifts unto YHVH to Jerusalem, and presents  
to Hezekiah king of Judah: so that he was magnified in the sight of all nations 
from thenceforth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>In those days Hezekiah was sick to the death, and prayed unto YHVH: and  
he spake unto him, and he gave him a sign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But Hezekiah rendered not again according to    
the benefit done unto him; for his heart was lifted up: therefore there was     
wrath upon him, and upon Judah and Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding Hezekiah humbled himself for 
the pride of his heart, both he and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, so that the   
wrath of YHVH came not upon them in the days of Hezekiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hezekiah had exceeding much   
riches and honor: and he made himself treasuries for silver, and for gold, and  
for precious stones, and for spices, and for shields, and for all manner of     
pleasant jewels;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Storehouses also for the increase of corn, and wine, and oil; and stalls 
for all manner of beasts, and cotes for flocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he provided him cities, and         
possessions of flocks and herds in abundance: for ELOHIYM had given him         
substance very much.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper watercourse of Gihon, and 
brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah    
prospered in all his works.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>    
31</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of 
Babylon, who sent unto him to enquire of the wonder that was done in the land,  
ELOHIYM left him, to try him, that he might know all that was in his heart.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of 
the acts of Hezekiah, and his goodness, behold, they are written in the vision  
of Isaiah the prophet, the son of Amoz, and in the book of the kings of Judah   
and Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Hezekiah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the chiefest of the 
sepulchres of the sons of David: and all Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem 
did him honor at his death. And Manasseh his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD> 
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C033.htm'>2nd Chronicles 33</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
