<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 50 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C049.htm'>Jeremiah 49</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 50</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word that YHVH spake        
against Babylon and against the land of the Chaldeans by Jeremiah the           
prophet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Declare ye among the nations, and publish, and set up a standard; publish, and  
conceal not: say, Babylon is taken, Bel is confounded, Merodach is broken in    
pieces; her idols are confounded, her images are broken in pieces.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For out of the north there  
cometh up a nation against her, which shall make her land desolate, and none    
shall dwell therein: they shall remove, they shall depart, both man and         
beast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>In      
those days, and in that time, saith YHVH, the children of Israel shall come,    
they and the children of Judah together, going and weeping: they shall go, and  
seek YHVH their ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>They shall ask the way to Zion with their faces thitherward,        
saying, Come, and let us join ourselves to YHVH in a perpetual covenant that    
shall not be forgotten.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>My people hath been lost sheep: their shepherds have caused them to 
go astray, they have turned them away on the mountains: they have gone from     
mountain to hill, they have forgotten their restingplace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>All that found them have devoured   
them: and their adversaries said, We offend not, because they have sinned       
against YHVH, the habitation of justice, even YHVH, the hope of their           
fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Remove out of the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the         
Chaldeans, and be as the he goats before the flocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For, lo, I will raise and cause to  
come up against Babylon an assembly of great nations from the north country:    
and they shall set themselves in array against her; from thence she shall be    
taken: their arrows shall be as of a mighty expert man; none shall return in    
vain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Chaldea shall be a spoil: all that spoil her shall be satisfied, saith YHVH.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Because ye were 
glad, because ye rejoiced, O ye destroyers of mine heritage, because ye are     
grown fat as the heifer at grass, and bellow as bulls;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Your mother shall be sore         
confounded; she that bare you shall be ashamed: behold, the hindermost of the   
nations shall be a wilderness, a dry land, and a desert.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Because of the wrath of YHVH it   
shall not be inhabited, but it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth   
by Babylon shall be astonished, and hiss at all her plagues.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Put yourselves in array       
against Babylon round about: all ye that bend the bow, shoot at her, spare no   
arrows: for she hath sinned against YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Shout against her round about: she hath given   
her hand: her foundations are fallen, her walls are thrown down: for it is the  
vengeance of YHVH: take vengeance upon her; as she hath done, do unto her.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Cut off the     
sower from Babylon, and him that handleth the sickle in the time of harvest:    
for fear of the oppressing sword they shall turn every one to his people, and   
they shall flee every one to his own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Israel is a scattered sheep; the lions have     
driven him away: first the king of Assyria hath devoured him; and last this     
Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon hath broken his bones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of      
hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will punish the king of Babylon and his 
land, as I have punished the king of Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring Israel again to his         
habitation, and he shall feed on Carmel and Bashan, and his soul shall be       
satisfied upon mount Ephraim and Gilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days, and in that time, saith YHVH,    
the iniquity of Israel shall be sought for, and there shall be none; and the    
sins of Judah, and they shall not be found: for I will pardon them whom I       
reserve.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Go  
up against the land of Merathaim, even against it, and against the inhabitants  
of Pekod: waste and utterly destroy after them, saith YHVH, and do according to 
all that I have commanded thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>
22</H4></TD><TD><P>A sound of battle is in the land, and of great               
destruction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>
How is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken! how is Babylon     
become a desolation among the nations!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>I have laid a snare for thee, and thou art also 
taken, O Babylon, and thou wast not aware: thou art found, and also caught,     
because thou hast striven against YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH hath opened his armoury, and hath brought  
forth the weapons of his indignation: for this is the work of the ADONAY YHVH   
of hosts in the land of the Chaldeans.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Come against her from the utmost border, open   
her storehouses: cast her up as heaps, and destroy her utterly: let nothing of  
her be left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>
Slay all her bullocks; let them go down to the slaughter: woe unto them! for    
their day is come, the time of their visitation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>The voice of them that flee and   
escape out of the land of Babylon, to declare in Zion the vengeance of YHVH our 
ELOHIYM, the vengeance of his temple.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Call together the archers against Babylon: all  
ye that bend the bow, camp against it round about; let none thereof escape:     
recompense her according to her work; according to all that she hath done, do   
unto her: for she hath been proud against YHVH, against the Holy One of         
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Therefore shall her young men fall in the streets, and all her men of war shall 
be cut off in that day, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I am against thee, O thou most proud, saith the  
ADONAY YHVH of hosts: for thy day is come, the time that I will visit thee.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the most    
proud shall stumble and fall, and none shall raise him up: and I will kindle a  
fire in his cities, and it shall devour all round about him.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; The 
children of Israel and the children of Judah were oppressed together: and all   
that took them captives held them fast; they refused to let them go.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Their Redeemer is    
strong; YHVH of hosts is his name: he shall throughly plead their cause, that   
he may give rest to the land, and disquiet the inhabitants of Babylon.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>A sword is upon the  
Chaldeans, saith YHVH, and upon the inhabitants of Babylon, and upon her        
princes, and upon her wise men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>
36</H4></TD><TD><P>A sword is upon the liars; and they shall dote: a sword is   
upon her mighty men; and they shall be dismayed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>A sword is upon their horses, and 
upon their chariots, and upon all the mingled people that are in the midst of   
her; and they shall become as women: a sword is upon her treasures; and they    
shall be robbed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>A drought is upon her waters; and they shall be dried up: for it is the  
land of graven images, and they are mad upon their idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the wild beasts of the  
desert with the wild beasts of the islands shall dwell there, and the owls      
shall dwell therein: and it shall be no more inhabited for ever; neither shall  
it be dwelt in from generation to generation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>As ELOHIYM overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah and  
the neighbour cities thereof, saith YHVH; so shall no man abide there, neither  
shall any son of man dwell therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41>
<H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, a people shall come from the north, and a great  
nation, and many kings shall be raised up from the coasts of the earth.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall hold the  
bow and the lance: they are cruel, and will not shew mercy: their voice shall   
roar like the sea, and they shall ride upon horses, every one put in array,     
like a man to the battle, against thee, O daughter of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>The king of Babylon hath      
heard the report of them, and his hands waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, 
and pangs as of a woman in travail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44>
<H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, he shall come up like a lion from the swelling   
of Jordan unto the habitation of the strong: but I will make them suddenly run  
away from her: and who is a chosen man, that I may appoint over her? for who is 
like me? and who will appoint me the time? and who is that shepherd that will   
stand before me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Therefore hear ye the counsel of YHVH, that he hath taken against        
Babylon; and his purposes, that he hath purposed against the land of the        
Chaldeans: Surely the least of the flock shall draw them out: surely he shall   
make their habitation desolate with them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>At the noise of the taking of Babylon the earth 
is moved, and the cry is heard among the nations.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This 
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B24C051.htm'>Jeremiah 51</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
