<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C004.htm'>Jeremiah 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to  
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Run ye to and fro through the streets of Jerusalem, and see   
now, and know, and seek in the broad places thereof, if ye can find a man, if   
there be any that executeth judgment, that seeketh the truth; and I will pardon 
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And though 
they say, YHVH liveth; surely they swear falsely.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>O YHVH, are not thine eyes upon the 
truth? thou hast stricken them, but they have not grieved; thou hast consumed   
them, but they have refused to receive correction: they have made their faces   
harder than a rock; they have refused to return.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I said, Surely these are  
poor; they are foolish: for they know not the way of YHVH, nor the judgment of  
their ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>
I will get me unto the great men, and will speak unto them; for they have known 
the way of YHVH, and the judgment of their ELOHIYM: but these have altogether   
broken the yoke, and burst the bonds.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore a lion out of the forest shall slay     
them, and a wolf of the evenings shall spoil them, a leopard shall watch over   
their cities: every one that goeth out thence shall be torn in pieces: because  
their transgressions are many, and their backslidings are increased.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>How shall I pardon     
thee for this? thy children have forsaken me, and sworn by them that are no     
gods: when I had fed them to the full, they then committed adultery, and        
assembled themselves by troops in the harlots' houses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>They were as fed horses in the      
morning: every one neighed after his neighbour's wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall I not visit for these things? 
saith YHVH: and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Go ye up upon her    
walls, and destroy; but make not a full end: take away her battlements; for     
they are not YHVH's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very      
treacherously against me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>They have belied YHVH, and said, It is not he;  
neither shall evil come upon us; neither shall we see sword nor famine:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the prophets     
shall become wind, and the word is not in them: thus shall it be done unto      
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Wherefore thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of hosts, Because ye speak this word, behold, 
I will make my words in thy mouth fire, and this people wood, and it shall      
devour them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>
Lo, I will bring a nation upon you from far, O house of Israel, saith YHVH: it  
is a mighty nation, it is an ancient nation, a nation whose language thou       
knowest not, neither understandest what they say.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Their quiver is as an open        
sepulchre, they are all mighty men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall eat up thine harvest, and thy bread,      
which thy sons and thy daughters should eat: they shall eat up thy flocks and   
thine herds: they shall eat up thy vines and thy fig trees: they shall          
impoverish thy fenced cities, wherein thou trustedst, with the sword.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless in      
those days, saith YHVH, I will not make a full end with you.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass,    
when ye shall say, Wherefore doeth YHVH our ELOHIYM all these things unto us?   
then shalt thou answer them, Like as ye have forsaken me, and served strange    
gods in your land, so shall ye serve strangers in a land that is not your's.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Declare this in 
the house of Jacob, and publish it in Judah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Hear now this, O foolish people,  
and without understanding; which have eyes, and see not; which have ears, and   
hear not:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Fear ye not me? saith YHVH: will ye not tremble at my presence, which have      
placed the sand for the bound of the sea by a perpetual decree, that it cannot  
pass it: and though the waves thereof toss themselves, yet can they not         
prevail; though they roar, yet can they not pass over it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>But this people hath a revolting  
and a rebellious heart; they are revolted and gone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither say they in their heart,  
Let us now fear YHVH our ELOHIYM, that giveth rain, both the former and the     
latter, in his season: he reserveth unto us the appointed weeks of the          
harvest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Your iniquities have turned away these things, and your sins have withholden    
good things from you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>For among my people are found wicked men: they lay wait, as he that 
setteth snares; they set a trap, they catch men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>As a cage is full of birds, so    
are their houses full of deceit: therefore they are become great, and waxen     
rich.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>They   
are waxen fat, they shine: yea, they overpass the deeds of the wicked: they     
judge not the cause, the cause of the fatherless, yet they prosper; and the     
right of the needy do they not judge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall I not visit for these things? saith YHVH: 
shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>A wonderful and horrible thing is 
committed in the land;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>The prophets prophesy falsely, and the priests bear rule by their   
means; and my people love to have it so: and what will ye do in the end         
thereof?</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.    
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C006.htm'>Jeremiah 6</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
