<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 23 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C022.htm'>Leviticus 22</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, Concerning the feasts of YHVH,  
which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are my feasts.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Six days shall    
work be done: but the seventh day is the sabbath of rest, an holy convocation;  
ye shall do no work therein: it is the sabbath of YHVH in all your              
dwellings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>    
These are the feasts of YHVH, even holy convocations, which ye shall proclaim   
in their seasons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>
<P>In the fourteenth day of the first month at even is YHVH's passover.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the fifteenth   
day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto YHVH: seven days ye 
must eat unleavened bread.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>
</TD><TD><P>In the first day ye shall have an holy convocation: ye shall do no  
servile work therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>
<TD><P>But ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto YHVH seven days: in the 
seventh day is an holy convocation: ye shall do no servile work therein.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake    
unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye be come    
into the land which I give unto you, and shall reap the harvest thereof, then   
ye shall bring a sheaf of the firstfruits of your harvest unto the priest:</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall    
wave the sheaf before YHVH, to be accepted for you: on the morrow after the     
sabbath the priest shall wave it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>  
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall offer that day when ye wave the sheaf an he 
lamb without blemish of the first year for a burnt offering unto YHVH.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the meat         
offering thereof shall be two tenth deals of fine flour mingled with oil, an    
offering made by fire unto YHVH for a sweet savor: and the drink offering       
thereof shall be of wine, the fourth part of an hin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall eat neither bread,   
nor parched corn, nor green ears, until the selfsame day that ye have brought   
an offering unto your ELOHIYM: it shall be a statute for ever throughout your   
generations in all your dwellings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall count unto you from the morrow after the    
sabbath, from the day that ye brought the sheaf of the wave offering; seven     
sabbaths shall be complete:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>    
16</H4></TD><TD><P>Even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye      
number fifty days; and ye shall offer a new meat offering unto YHVH.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall bring out   
of your habitations two wave loaves of two tenth deals; they shall be of fine   
flour; they shall be baked with leaven; they are the firstfruits unto YHVH.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall    
offer with the bread seven lambs without blemish of the first year, and one     
young bullock, and two rams: they shall be for a burnt offering unto YHVH, with 
their meat offering, and their drink offerings, even an offering made by fire,  
of sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>      
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then ye shall sacrifice one kid of the goats for a sin       
offering, and two lambs of the first year for a sacrifice of peace              
offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the priest shall wave them with the bread of the firstfruits for a wave     
offering before YHVH, with the two lambs: they shall be holy to YHVH for the    
priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
ye shall proclaim on the selfsame day, that it may be an holy convocation unto  
you: ye shall do no servile work therein: it shall be a statute for ever in all 
your dwellings throughout your generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And when ye reap the harvest of your land, thou 
shalt not make clean riddance of the corners of thy field when thou reapest,    
neither shalt thou gather any gleaning of thy harvest: thou shalt leave them    
unto the poor, and to the stranger: I am YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,    
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, in the first   
day of the month, shall ye have a sabbath, a memorial of blowing of trumpets,   
an holy convocation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Ye shall do no servile work therein: but ye shall offer an offering 
made by fire unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Also on the tenth day of this seventh month  
there shall be a day of atonement: it shall be an holy convocation unto you;    
and ye shall afflict your souls, and offer an offering made by fire unto        
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye 
shall do no work in that same day: for it is a day of atonement, to make an     
atonement for you before YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>For whatsoever soul it be that shall not be     
afflicted in that same day, he shall be cut off from among his people.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And whatsoever soul  
it be that doeth any work in that same day, the same soul will I destroy from   
among his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Ye shall do no manner of work: it shall be a statute for ever throughout 
your generations in all your dwellings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall be unto you a sabbath of rest, and ye  
shall afflict your souls: in the ninth day of the month at even, from even unto 
even, shall ye celebrate your sabbath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children   
of Israel, saying, The fifteenth day of this seventh month shall be the feast   
of tabernacles for seven days unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>On the first day shall be an holy convocation:  
ye shall do no servile work therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Seven days ye shall offer an offering made by   
fire unto YHVH: on the eighth day shall be an holy convocation unto you; and ye 
shall offer an offering made by fire unto YHVH: it is a solemn assembly; and ye 
shall do no servile work therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37>  
<H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the feasts of YHVH, which ye shall proclaim to 
be holy convocations, to offer an offering made by fire unto YHVH, a burnt      
offering, and a meat offering, a sacrifice, and drink offerings, every thing    
upon his day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Beside the sabbaths of YHVH, and beside your gifts, and beside all your      
vows, and beside all your freewill offerings, which ye give unto YHVH.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Also in the          
fifteenth day of the seventh month, when ye have gathered in the fruit of the   
land, ye shall keep a feast unto YHVH seven days: on the first day shall be a   
sabbath, and on the eighth day shall be a sabbath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall take you on the      
first day the boughs of goodly trees, branches of palm trees, and the boughs of 
thick trees, and willows of the brook; and ye shall rejoice before YHVH your    
ELOHIYM seven days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And ye shall keep it a feast unto YHVH seven days in the year. It shall  
be a statute for ever in your generations: ye shall celebrate it in the seventh 
month.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye    
shall dwell in booths seven days; all that are Israelites born shall dwell in   
booths:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>That 
your generations may know that I made the children of Israel to dwell in        
booths, when I brought them out of the land of Egypt: I am YHVH your            
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Moses declared unto the children of Israel the feasts of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>    
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C024.htm'>Leviticus 24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
