<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C017.htm'>1st Kings 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it came to pass after many days, that the word of YHVH came to       
Elijah in the third year, saying, Go, show thyself unto Ahab; and I will send   
rain upon the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Elijah went to show himself unto Ahab. And there was a sore famine   
in Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Ahab called Obadiah, which was the governor of his house. (Now Obadiah      
feared YHVH greatly:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For it was so, when Jezebel cut off the prophets of YHVH, that Obadiah   
took an hundred prophets, and hid them by fifty in a cave, and fed them with    
bread and water.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And Ahab said unto Obadiah, Go into the land, unto all fountains of water,   
and unto all brooks: peradventure we may find grass to save the horses and      
mules alive, that we lose not all the beasts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So they divided the land between them to pass  
throughout it: Ahab went one way by himself, and Obadiah went another way by    
himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
as Obadiah was in the way, behold, Elijah met him: and he knew him, and fell on 
his face, and said, Art thou that my lord Elijah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he answered him, I am: go, tell 
thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, What have I sinned, that thou wouldest       
deliver thy servant into the hand of Ahab, to slay me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>As YHVH thy ELOHIYM liveth, there 
is no nation or kingdom, whither my lord hath not sent to seek thee: and when   
they said, He is not there; he took an oath of the kingdom and nation, that     
they found thee not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
come to pass, as soon as I am gone from thee, that the Spirit of YHVH shall     
carry thee whither I know not; and so when I come and tell Ahab, and he cannot  
find thee, he shall slay me: but I thy servant fear YHVH from my youth.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Was it not told my   
lord what I did when Jezebel slew the prophets of YHVH, how I hid an hundred    
men of YHVH's prophets by fifty in a cave, and fed them with bread and          
water?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
now thou sayest, Go, tell thy lord, Behold, Elijah is here: and he shall slay   
me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
Elijah said, As YHVH of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, I will surely show   
myself unto him to day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>So Obadiah went to meet Ahab, and told him: and Ahab went to meet   
Elijah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
it came to pass, when Ahab saw Elijah, that Ahab said unto him, Art thou he     
that troubleth Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And he answered, I have not troubled Israel; but thou, and thy      
father's house, in that ye have forsaken the commandments of YHVH, and thou     
hast followed Baalim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Now therefore send, and gather to me all Israel unto mount Carmel,  
and the prophets of Baal four hundred and fifty, and the prophets of the groves 
four hundred, which eat at Jezebel's table.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>So Ahab sent unto all the children of Israel,   
and gathered the prophets together unto mount Carmel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah came unto all the      
people, and said, How long halt ye between two opinions? if YHVH be ELOHIYM,    
follow him: but if Baal, then follow him. And the people answered him not a     
word.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
said Elijah unto the people, I, even I only, remain a prophet of YHVH; but      
Baal's prophets are four hundred and fifty men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Let them therefore give us two bullocks; and 
let them choose one bullock for themselves, and cut it in pieces, and lay it on 
wood, and put no fire under: and I will dress the other bullock, and lay it on  
wood, and put no fire under:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>   
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And call ye on the name of your gods, and I will call on the 
name of YHVH: and the ELOHIYM that answereth by fire, let him be ELOHIYM. And   
all the people answered and said, It is well spoken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah said unto the prophets 
of Baal, Choose you one bullock for yourselves, and dress it first; for ye are  
many; and call on the name of your gods, but put no fire under.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took the bullock 
which was given them, and they dressed it, and called on the name of Baal from  
morning even until noon, saying, O Baal, hear us. But there was no voice, nor   
any that answered. And they leaped upon the altar which was made.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at    
noon, that Elijah mocked them, and said, Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he  
is talking, or he is pursuing, or he is in a journey, or peradventure he        
sleepeth, and must be awaked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>  
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And they cried aloud, and cut themselves after their manner  
with knives and lancets, till the blood gushed out upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when     
midday was past, and they prophesied until the time of the offering of the      
evening sacrifice, that there was neither voice, nor any to answer, nor any     
that regarded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And Elijah said unto all the people, Come near unto me. And all the people   
came near unto him. And he repaired the altar of YHVH that was broken down.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah took 
twelve stones, according to the number of the tribes of the sons of Jacob, unto 
whom the word of YHVH came, saying, Israel shall be thy name:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And with the stones he built  
an altar in the name of YHVH: and he made a trench about the altar, as great as 
would contain two measures of seed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33>
<H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And he put the wood in order, and cut the bullock in     
pieces, and laid him on the wood, and said, Fill four barrels with water, and   
pour it on the burnt sacrifice, and on the wood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Do it the second     
time. And they did it the second time. And he said, Do it the third time. And   
they did it the third time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>    
35</H4></TD><TD><P>And the water ran round about the altar; and he filled the   
trench also with water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the time of the offering of the evening      
sacrifice, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, YHVH ELOHIYM of         
Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel, let it be known this day that thou art ELOHIYM   
in Israel, and that I am thy servant, and that I have done all these things at  
thy word.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Hear me, O YHVH, hear me, that this people may know that thou art YHVH ELOHIYM, 
and that thou hast turned their heart back again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the fire of YHVH fell, and   
consumed the burnt sacrifice, and the wood, and the stones, and the dust, and   
licked up the water that was in the trench.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the people saw it, they fell on    
their faces: and they said, YHVH, he is the ELOHIYM; YHVH, he is the            
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Elijah said unto them, Take the prophets of Baal; let not one of them escape.   
And they took them: and Elijah brought them down to the brook Kishon, and slew  
them there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Elijah said unto Ahab, Get thee up, eat and drink; for there is a sound of  
abundance of rain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So Ahab went up to eat and to drink. And Elijah went up to the top of    
Carmel; and he cast himself down upon the earth, and put his face between his   
knees,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
said to his servant, Go up now, look toward the sea. And he went up, and        
looked, and said, There is nothing. And he said, Go again seven times.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass  
at the seventh time, that he said, Behold, there ariseth a little cloud out of  
the sea, like a man's hand. And he said, Go up, say unto Ahab, Prepare thy      
chariot, and get thee down that the rain stop thee not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the mean   
while, that the heaven was black with clouds and wind, and there was a great    
rain. And Ahab rode, and went to Jezreel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And the hand of YHVH was on Elijah; and he      
girded up his loins, and ran before Ahab to the entrance of Jezreel.</P></TD>   
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C019.htm'>1st Kings 19</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
