<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C021.htm'>1st Kings 21</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And they continued three years without war between Syria and Israel.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to    
pass in the third year, that Jehoshaphat the king of Judah came down to the     
king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the king of Israel said unto his servants, Know ye that Ramoth in Gilead 
is ours, and we be still, and take it not out of the hand of the king of        
Syria?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
said unto Jehoshaphat, Wilt thou go with me to battle to Ramothgilead? And      
Jehoshaphat said to the king of Israel, I am as thou art, my people as thy      
people, my horses as thy horses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray 
thee, at the word of YHVH to day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king of Israel gathered the prophets together,   
about four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall I go against Ramothgilead to  
battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for the ADONAY shall deliver  
it into the hand of the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of YHVH     
besides, that we might enquire of him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat,     
There is yet one man, Micaiah the son of Imlah, by whom we may enquire of YHVH: 
but I hate him; for he doth not prophesy good concerning me, but evil. And      
Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king of Israel called an officer, and    
said, Hasten hither Micaiah the son of Imlah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the   
king of Judah sat each on his throne, having put on their robes, in a void      
place in the entrance of the gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied   
before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah made him horns of iron: and he said, Thus     
saith YHVH, With these shalt thou push the Syrians, until thou have consumed    
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
all the prophets prophesied so, saying, Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for 
YHVH shall deliver it into the king's hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the messenger that was gone to call Micaiah 
spake unto him, saying, Behold now, the words of the prophets declare good unto 
the king with one mouth: let thy word, I pray thee, be like the word of one of  
them, and speak that which is good.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Micaiah said, As YHVH liveth, what YHVH saith unto   
me, that will I speak.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>So he came to the king. And the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall  
we go against Ramothgilead to battle, or shall we forbear? And he answered him, 
Go, and prosper: for YHVH shall deliver it into the hand of the king.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said    
unto him, How many times shall I adjure thee that thou tell me nothing but that 
which is true in the name of YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, I saw all Israel scattered upon the hills,  
as sheep that have not a shepherd: and YHVH said, These have no master: let     
them return every man to his house in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat,   
Did I not tell thee that he would prophesy no good concerning me, but evil?</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said,    
Hear thou therefore the word of YHVH: I saw YHVH sitting on his throne, and all 
the host of heaven standing by him on his right hand and on his left.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said, Who   
shall persuade Ahab, that he may go up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one said   
on this manner, and another said on that manner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came forth a spirit,    
and stood before YHVH, and said, I will persuade him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto him,           
Wherewith? And he said, I will go forth, and I will be a lying spirit in the    
mouth of all his prophets. And he said, Thou shalt persuade him, and prevail    
also: go forth, and do so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>     
23</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, behold, YHVH hath put a lying spirit in the   
mouth of all these thy prophets, and YHVH hath spoken evil concerning thee.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>But Zedekiah    
the son of Chenaanah went near, and smote Micaiah on the cheek, and said, Which 
way went the Spirit of YHVH from me to speak unto thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Micaiah said, Behold, thou    
shalt see in that day, when thou shalt go into an inner chamber to hide         
thyself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back unto Amon the         
governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And say, Thus saith the king, Put 
this fellow in the prison, and feed him with bread of affliction and with water 
of affliction, until I come in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Micaiah said, If thou return at all in      
peace, YHVH hath not spoken by me. And he said, Hearken, O people, every one of 
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>So the  
king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah went up to Ramothgilead.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of 
Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise myself, and enter into the        
battle; but put thou on thy robes. And the king of Israel disguised himself,    
and went into the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>      
31</H4></TD><TD><P>But the king of Syria commanded his thirty and two captains  
that had rule over his chariots, saying, Fight neither with small nor great,    
save only with the king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32> 
<H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots   
saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, Surely it is the king of Israel. And they      
turned aside to fight against him: and Jehoshaphat cried out.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the 
captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of Israel, that     
they turned back from pursuing him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And a certain man drew a bow at a venture, and smote the 
king of Israel between the joints of the harness: wherefore he said unto the    
driver of his chariot, Turn thine hand, and carry me out of the host; for I am  
wounded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the battle increased that day: and the king was stayed up in his chariot        
against the Syrians, and died at even: and the blood ran out of the wound into  
the midst of the chariot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>      
36</H4></TD><TD><P>And there went a proclamation throughout the host about the  
going down of the sun, saying, Every man to his city, and every man to his own  
country.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
the king died, and was brought to Samaria; and they buried the king in          
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
one washed the chariot in the pool of Samaria; and the dogs licked up his       
blood; and they washed his armor; according unto the word of YHVH which he      
spake.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Now   
the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the ivory house which he 
made, and all the cities that he built, are they not written in the book of the 
chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40> 
<H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>So Ahab slept with his fathers; and Ahaziah his son      
reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat the son of Asa began to reign over Judah in the     
fourth year of Ahab king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42>
<H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>Jehoshaphat was thirty and five years old when he began  
to reign; and he reigned twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's   
name was Azubah the daughter of Shilhi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And he walked in all the ways of Asa his        
father; he turned not aside from it, doing that which was right in the eyes of  
YHVH: nevertheless the high places were not taken away; for the people offered  
and burnt incense yet in the high places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat made peace with the king of     
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>Now  
the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, and his might that he showed, and how he   
warred, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of      
Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the remnant of the sodomites, which remained in the days of his father Asa, he  
took out of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>There was then no king in Edom: a deputy was king.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>Jehoshaphat made ships of     
Tharshish to go to Ophir for gold: but they went not; for the ships were broken 
at Eziongeber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then said Ahaziah the son of Ahab unto Jehoshaphat, Let my servants go with  
thy servants in the ships. But Jehoshaphat would not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat slept with his    
fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and   
Jehoram his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>Ahaziah the son of Ahab began to reign over     
Israel in Samaria the seventeenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and        
reigned two years over Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4> 
52</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did evil in the sight of YHVH, and walked in the way  
of his father, and in the way of his mother, and in the way of Jeroboam the son 
of Nebat, who made Israel to sin:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53>  
<H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>For he served Baal, and worshipped him, and provoked to  
anger YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, according to all that his father had done.</P>    
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C001.htm'>2nd Kings 1</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
