<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Hosea, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B28C009.htm'>Hosea 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Hosea</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Israel is an empty vine, he bringeth forth fruit unto himself: according 
to the multitude of his fruit he hath increased the altars; according to the    
goodness of his land they have made goodly images.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Their heart is divided; now shall   
they be found faulty: he shall break down their altars, he shall spoil their    
images.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For    
now they shall say, We have no king, because we feared not YHVH; what then      
should a king do to us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>They have spoken words, swearing falsely in making a covenant: thus 
judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The inhabitants of Samaria      
shall fear because of the calves of Bethaven: for the people thereof shall      
mourn over it, and the priests thereof that rejoiced on it, for the glory       
thereof, because it is departed from it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall be also carried unto Assyria for a       
present to king Jareb: Ephraim shall receive shame, and Israel shall be ashamed 
of his own counsel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>As for Samaria, her king is cut off as the foam upon the water.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The high places also   
of Aven, the sin of Israel, shall be destroyed: the thorn and the thistle shall 
come up on their altars; and they shall say to the mountains, Cover us; and to  
the hills, Fall on us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>O Israel, thou hast sinned from the days of Gibeah: there they      
stood: the battle in Gibeah against the children of iniquity did not overtake   
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>It is  
in my desire that I should chastise them; and the people shall be gathered      
against them, when they shall bind themselves in their two furrows.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ephraim is as an 
heifer that is taught, and loveth to tread out the corn; but I passed over upon 
her fair neck: I will make Ephraim to ride; Judah shall plow, and Jacob shall   
break his clods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Sow to yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy; break up your fallow  
ground: for it is time to seek YHVH, till he come and rain righteousness upon   
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have 
plowed wickedness, ye have reaped iniquity; ye have eaten the fruit of lies:    
because thou didst trust in thy way, in the multitude of thy mighty men.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall 
a tumult arise among thy people, and all thy fortresses shall be spoiled, as    
Shalman spoiled Betharbel in the day of battle: the mother was dashed in pieces 
upon her children.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So shall Bethel do unto you because of your great wickedness: in a       
morning shall the king of Israel utterly be cut off.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>      
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B28C011.htm'>Hosea 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
