<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 43 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C042.htm'>Jeremiah 42</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 43</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that when  
Jeremiah had made an end of speaking unto all the people all the words of YHVH  
their ELOHIYM, for which YHVH their ELOHIYM had sent him to them, even all      
these words,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then spake Azariah the son of Hoshaiah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and all  
the proud men, saying unto Jeremiah, Thou speakest falsely: YHVH our ELOHIYM    
hath not sent thee to say, Go not into Egypt to sojourn there:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But Baruch the son of Neriah    
setteth thee on against us, for to deliver us into the hand of the Chaldeans,   
that they might put us to death, and carry us away captives into Babylon.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>So Johanan the    
son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces, and all the people, obeyed   
not the voice of YHVH, to dwell in the land of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But Johanan the son of Kareah, and  
all the captains of the forces, took all the remnant of Judah, that were        
returned from all nations, whither they had been driven, to dwell in the land   
of Judah;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Even 
men, and women, and children, and the king's daughters, and every person that   
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had left with Gedaliah the son of Ahikam   
the son of Shaphan, and Jeremiah the prophet, and Baruch the son of Neriah.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>So they came into 
the land of Egypt: for they obeyed not the voice of YHVH: thus came they even   
to Tahpanhes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then came the word of YHVH unto Jeremiah in Tahpanhes, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Take great stones in thine      
hand, and hide them in the clay in the brickkiln, which is at the entry of      
Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes, in the sight of the men of Judah;</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And say unto them, Thus   
saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will send and take        
Nebuchadrezzar the king of Babylon, my servant, and will set his throne upon    
these stones that I have hid; and he shall spread his royal pavilion over       
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when he cometh, he shall smite the land of Egypt, and deliver such as are for   
death to death; and such as are for captivity to captivity; and such as are for 
the sword to the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And I will kindle a fire in the houses of the gods of Egypt; and he 
shall burn them, and carry them away captives: and he shall array himself with  
the land of Egypt, as a shepherd putteth on his garment; and he shall go forth  
from thence in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>He shall break also the images of Bethshemesh, that is in the land  
of Egypt; and the houses of the gods of the Egyptians shall he burn with        
fire.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C044.htm'>Jeremiah 44</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
