<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Micah, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B33C001.htm'>Micah 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Micah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Woe to them that devise iniquity, and work evil upon their beds! when    
the morning is light, they practise it, because it is in the power of their     
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And they 
covet fields, and take them by violence; and houses, and take them away: so     
they oppress a man and his house, even a man and his heritage.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH;      
Behold, against this family do I devise an evil, from which ye shall not remove 
your necks; neither shall ye go haughtily: for this time is evil.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day shall one take  
up a parable against you, and lament with a doleful lamentation, and say, We be 
utterly spoiled: he hath changed the portion of my people: how hath he removed  
it from me! turning away he hath divided our fields.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thou shalt have none that 
shall cast a cord by lot in the congregation of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Prophesy ye not, say they to them   
that prophesy: they shall not prophesy to them, that they shall not take        
shame.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>O thou  
that art named the house of Jacob, is the spirit of YHVH straitened? are these  
his doings? do not my words do good to him that walketh uprightly?</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Even of late my people is   
risen up as an enemy: ye pull off the robe with the garment from them that pass 
by securely as men averse from war.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9> 
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>The women of my people have ye cast out from their        
pleasant houses; from their children have ye taken away my glory for ever.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Arise ye, and   
depart; for this is not your rest: because it is polluted, it shall destroy     
you, even with a sore destruction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11> 
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man walking in the spirit and falsehood do lie,     
saying, I will prophesy unto thee of wine and of strong drink; he shall even be 
the prophet of this people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>I will surely assemble, O Jacob, all of thee; I will surely  
gather the remnant of Israel; I will put them together as the sheep of Bozrah,  
as the flock in the midst of their fold: they shall make great noise by reason  
of the multitude of men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>
</TD><TD><P>The breaker is come up before them: they have broken up, and have   
passed through the gate, and are gone out by it: and their king shall pass      
before them, and YHVH on the head of them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This        
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B33C003.htm'>Micah 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
