<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C006.htm'>Ezra 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now      
after these things, in the reign of Artaxerxes king of Persia, Ezra the son of  
Seraiah, the son of Azariah, the son of Hilkiah,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>The son of Shallum, the son of      
Zadok, the son of Ahitub,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>The son of Amariah, the son of Azariah, the son of Meraioth,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>The son of        
Zerahiah, the son of Uzzi, the son of Bukki,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The son of Abishua, the son of Phinehas, the son  
of Eleazar, the son of Aaron the chief priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>This Ezra went up from Babylon; and he was a   
ready scribe in the law of Moses, which YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel had given: and   
the king granted him all his request, according to the hand of YHVH his ELOHIYM 
upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
there went up some of the children of Israel, and of the priests, and the       
Levites, and the singers, and the porters, and the Nethinims, unto Jerusalem,   
in the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he came to Jerusalem in the fifth month,      
which was in the seventh year of the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For upon the first day of the first month began   
he to go up from Babylon, and on the first day of the fifth month came he to    
Jerusalem, according to the good hand of his ELOHIYM upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For Ezra had prepared his     
heart to seek the law of YHVH, and to do it, and to teach in Israel statutes    
and judgments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Now this is the copy of the letter that the king Artaxerxes gave unto Ezra   
the priest, the scribe, even a scribe of the words of the commandments of YHVH, 
and of his statutes to Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4> 
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Artaxerxes, king of kings, unto Ezra the priest, a scribe of 
the law of the ELAHH of heaven, perfect peace, and at such a time.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>I make a decree, that all 
they of the people of Israel, and of his priests and Levites, in my realm,      
which are minded of their own freewill to go up to Jerusalem, go with thee.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Forasmuch as    
thou art sent of the king, and of his seven counsellors, to enquire concerning  
Judah and Jerusalem, according to the law of thy ELAHH which is in thine        
hand;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And to 
carry the silver and gold, which the king and his counsellors have freely       
offered unto the ELAHH of Israel, whose habitation is in Jerusalem,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the silver   
and gold that thou canst find in all the province of Babylon, with the freewill 
offering of the people, and of the priests, offering willingly for the house of 
their ELAHH which is in Jerusalem:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>That thou mayest buy speedily with this money bullocks,  
rams, lambs, with their meat offerings and their drink offerings, and offer     
them upon the altar of the house of your ELAHH which is in Jerusalem.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And whatsoever shall 
seem good to thee, and to thy brethren, to do with the rest of the silver and   
the gold, that do after the will of your ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>The vessels also that are given thee for the 
service of the house of thy ELAHH, those deliver thou before the ELAHH of       
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And whatsoever more shall be needful for the house of thy ELAHH, which thou     
shalt have occasion to bestow, bestow it out of the king's treasure house.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And I, even I   
Artaxerxes the king, do make a decree to all the treasurers which are beyond    
the river, that whatsoever Ezra the priest, the scribe of the law of the ELAHH  
of heaven, shall require of you, it be done speedily,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Unto an hundred talents of        
silver, and to an hundred measures of wheat, and to an hundred baths of wine,   
and to an hundred baths of oil, and salt without prescribing how much.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Whatsoever is        
commanded by the ELAHH of heaven, let it be diligently done for the house of    
the ELAHH of heaven: for why should there be wrath against the realm of the     
king and his sons?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Also we certify you, that touching any of the priests and Levites,       
singers, porters, Nethinims, or ministers of this house of ELAHH, it shall not  
be lawful to impose toll, tribute, or custom, upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, Ezra, after the wisdom  
of thy ELAHH, that is in thine hand, set magistrates and judges, which may      
judge all the people that are beyond the river, all such as know the laws of    
thy ELAHH; and teach ye them that know them not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And whosoever will not do the law 
of thy ELAHH, and the law of the king, let judgment be executed speedily upon   
him, whether it be unto death, or to banishment, or to confiscation of goods,   
or to imprisonment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Blessed be YHVH ELOHIYM of our fathers, which hath put such a thing as   
this in the king's heart, to beautify the house of YHVH which is in             
Jerusalem:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And hath extended mercy unto me before the king, and his counsellors, and       
before all the king's mighty princes. And I was strengthened as the hand of     
YHVH my ELOHIYM was upon me, and I gathered together out of Israel chief men to 
go up with me.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B15C008.htm'>Ezra 8</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
