<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 40 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C039.htm'>Ezekiel 39</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 40</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the five and twentieth year of our captivity, in the       
beginning of the year, in the tenth day of the month, in the fourteenth year    
after that the city was smitten, in the selfsame day the hand of YHVH was upon  
me, and brought me thither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>     
2</H4></TD><TD><P>In the visions of ELOHIYM brought he me into the land of      
Israel, and set me upon a very high mountain, by which was as the frame of a    
city on the south.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And he brought me thither, and, behold, there was a man, whose           
appearance was like the appearance of brass, with a line of flax in his hand,   
and a measuring reed; and he stood in the gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man said unto me, Son of man, behold   
with thine eyes, and hear with thine ears, and set thine heart upon all that I  
shall shew thee; for to the intent that I might shew them unto thee art thou    
brought hither: declare all that thou seest to the house of Israel.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And behold a wall on   
the outside of the house round about, and in the man's hand a measuring reed of 
six cubits long by the cubit and an hand breadth: so he measured the breadth of 
the building, one reed; and the height, one reed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came he unto the gate which    
looketh toward the east, and went up the stairs thereof, and measured the       
threshold of the gate, which was one reed broad; and the other threshold of the 
gate, which was one reed broad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4> 
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And every little chamber was one reed long, and one reed      
broad; and between the little chambers were five cubits; and the threshold of   
the gate by the porch of the gate within was one reed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>He measured also the porch of the   
gate within, one reed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then measured he the porch of the gate, eight cubits; and the posts 
thereof, two cubits; and the porch of the gate was inward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the little chambers of the    
gate eastward were three on this side, and three on that side; they three were  
of one measure: and the posts had one measure on this side and on that side.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he measured 
the breadth of the entry of the gate, ten cubits; and the length of the gate,   
thirteen cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>The space also before the little chambers was one cubit on this side,    
and the space was one cubit on that side: and the little chambers were six      
cubits on this side, and six cubits on that side.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>He measured then the gate from    
the roof of one little chamber to the roof of another: the breadth was five and 
twenty cubits, door against door.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>  
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>He made also posts of threescore cubits, even unto the   
post of the court round about the gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And from the face of the gate of the entrance   
unto the face of the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And there were narrow     
windows to the little chambers, and to their posts within the gate round about, 
and likewise to the arches: and windows were round about inward: and upon each  
post were palm trees.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then brought he me into the outward court, and, lo, there were      
chambers, and a pavement made for the court round about: thirty chambers were   
upon the pavement.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the pavement by the side of the gates over against the length of the 
gates was the lower pavement.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>  
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he measured the breadth from the forefront of the lower 
gate unto the forefront of the inner court without, an hundred cubits eastward  
and northward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the gate of the outward court that looked toward the north, he measured  
the length thereof, and the breadth thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the little chambers thereof were three on   
this side and three on that side; and the posts thereof and the arches thereof  
were after the measure of the first gate: the length thereof was fifty cubits,  
and the breadth five and twenty cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And their windows, and their arches, and their  
palm trees, were after the measure of the gate that looketh toward the east;    
and they went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before     
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the gate of the inner court was over against the gate toward the north, and     
toward the east; and he measured from gate to gate an hundred cubits.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>After that he        
brought me toward the south, and behold a gate toward the south: and he         
measured the posts thereof and the arches thereof according to these            
measures.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And there were windows in it and in the arches thereof round about, like those  
windows: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five and twenty           
cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
there were seven steps to go up to it, and the arches thereof were before them: 
and it had palm trees, one on this side, and another on that side, upon the     
posts thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And there was a gate in the inner court toward the south: and he measured    
from gate to gate toward the south an hundred cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought me to the inner    
court by the south gate: and he measured the south gate according to these      
measures;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the little chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, 
according to these measures: and there were windows in it and in the arches     
thereof round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits       
broad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the arches round about were five and twenty cubits long, and five cubits        
broad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the arches thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were upon the    
posts thereof: and the going up to it had eight steps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought me into the inner  
court toward the east: and he measured the gate according to these measures.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And the little  
chambers thereof, and the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, were according 
to these measures: and there were windows therein and in the arches thereof     
round about: it was fifty cubits long, and five and twenty cubits broad.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And the arches  
thereof were toward the outward court; and palm trees were upon the posts       
thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it had eight       
steps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he brought me to the north gate, and measured it according to these             
measures;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>   
The little chambers thereof, the posts thereof, and the arches thereof, and the 
windows to it round about: the length was fifty cubits, and the breadth five    
and twenty cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the posts thereof were toward the utter court; and palm trees were   
upon the posts thereof, on this side, and on that side: and the going up to it  
had eight steps.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the chambers and the entries thereof were by the posts of the gates, 
where they washed the burnt offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the porch of the gate were two tables on 
this side, and two tables on that side, to slay thereon the burnt offering and  
the sin offering and the trespass offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And at the side without, as one goeth up to the 
entry of the north gate, were two tables; and on the other side, which was at   
the porch of the gate, were two tables.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>Four tables were on this side, and four tables  
on that side, by the side of the gate; eight tables, whereupon they slew their  
sacrifices.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the four tables were of hewn stone for the burnt offering, of a cubit and   
an half long, and a cubit and an half broad, and one cubit high: whereupon also 
they laid the instruments wherewith they slew the burnt offering and the        
sacrifice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And within were hooks, an hand broad, fastened round about: and upon the tables 
was the flesh of the offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4> 
44</H4></TD><TD><P>And without the inner gate were the chambers of the singers  
in the inner court, which was at the side of the north gate; and their prospect 
was toward the south: one at the side of the east gate having the prospect      
toward the north.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he said unto me, This chamber, whose prospect is toward the south,   
is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of the house.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And the chamber whose         
prospect is toward the north is for the priests, the keepers of the charge of   
the altar: these are the sons of Zadok among the sons of Levi, which come near  
to YHVH to minister unto him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>  
47</H4></TD><TD><P>So he measured the court, an hundred cubits long, and an     
hundred cubits broad, foursquare; and the altar that was before the house.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought  
me to the porch of the house, and measured each post of the porch, five cubits  
on this side, and five cubits on that side: and the breadth of the gate was     
three cubits on this side, and three cubits on that side.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>The length of the porch was       
twenty cubits, and the breadth eleven cubits, and he brought me by the steps    
whereby they went up to it: and there were pillars by the posts, one on this    
side, and another on that side.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is       
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B26C041.htm'>Ezekiel 41</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
