<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C005.htm'>Numbers 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children of  
Israel, and say unto them, When either man or woman shall separate themselves   
to vow a vow of a Nazarite, to separate themselves unto YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall separate himself from  
wine and strong drink, and shall drink no vinegar of wine, or vinegar of strong 
drink, neither shall he drink any liquor of grapes, nor eat moist grapes, or    
dried.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>All the 
days of his separation shall he eat nothing that is made of the vine tree, from 
the kernels even to the husk.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>   
5</H4></TD><TD><P>All the days of the vow of his separation there shall no      
razor come upon his head: until the days be fulfilled, in the which he          
separateth himself unto YHVH, he shall be holy, and shall let the locks of the  
hair of his head grow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>All the days that he separateth himself unto YHVH he shall come at  
no dead body.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
He shall not make himself unclean for his father, or for his mother, for his    
brother, or for his sister, when they die: because the consecration of his      
ELOHIYM is upon his head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>All the days of his separation he is holy unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And if any man die very     
suddenly by him, and he hath defiled the head of his consecration; then he      
shall shave his head in the day of his cleansing, on the seventh day shall he   
shave it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And on the eighth day he shall bring two turtles, or two young pigeons, to the  
priest, to the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall offer the    
one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, and make an         
atonement for him, for that he sinned by the dead, and shall hallow his head    
that same day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And he shall consecrate unto YHVH the days of his separation, and shall      
bring a lamb of the first year for a trespass offering: but the days that were  
before shall be lost, because his separation was defiled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the law of the        
Nazarite, when the days of his separation are fulfilled: he shall be brought    
unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall offer his offering   
unto YHVH, one he lamb of the first year without blemish for a burnt offering,  
and one ewe lamb of the first year without blemish for a sin offering, and one  
ram without blemish for peace offerings,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And a basket of unleavened bread, cakes of fine 
flour mingled with oil, and wafers of unleavened bread anointed with oil, and   
their meat offering, and their drink offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall bring them before YHVH, 
and shall offer his sin offering, and his burnt offering:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall offer the ram for a  
sacrifice of peace offerings unto YHVH, with the basket of unleavened bread:    
the priest shall offer also his meat offering, and his drink offering.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Nazarite     
shall shave the head of his separation at the door of the tabernacle of the     
congregation, and shall take the hair of the head of his separation, and put it 
in the fire which is under the sacrifice of the peace offerings.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take 
the sodden shoulder of the ram, and one unleavened cake out of the basket, and  
one unleavened wafer, and shall put them upon the hands of the Nazarite, after  
the hair of his separation is shaven:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall wave them for a wave       
offering before YHVH: this is holy for the priest, with the wave breast and     
heave shoulder: and after that the Nazarite may drink wine.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law of the        
Nazarite who hath vowed, and of his offering unto YHVH for his separation,      
beside that that his hand shall get: according to the vow which he vowed, so he 
must do after the law of his separation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto Aaron and unto 
his sons, saying, On this wise ye shall bless the children of Israel, saying    
unto them,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>  
YHVH bless thee, and keep thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>
25</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH make his face shine upon thee, and be gracious unto     
thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH   
lift up his countenance upon thee, and give thee peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall put my name upon   
the children of Israel, and I will bless them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This    
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B04C007.htm'>Numbers 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
