<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C004.htm'>Leviticus 4</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a soul sin, and hear the     
voice of swearing, and is a witness, whether he hath seen or known of it; if he 
do not utter it, then he shall bear his iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if a soul touch any unclean      
thing, whether it be a carcass of an unclean beast, or a carcass of unclean     
cattle, or the carcass of unclean creeping things, and if it be hidden from     
him; he also shall be unclean, and guilty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if he touch the uncleanness of man, whatsoever 
uncleanness it be that a man shall be defiled withal, and it be hid from him;   
when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if a soul swear, pronouncing with his lips  
to do evil, or to do good, whatsoever it be that a man shall pronounce with an  
oath, and it be hid from him; when he knoweth of it, then he shall be guilty in 
one of these.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And it shall be, when he shall be guilty in one of these things, that he shall  
confess that he hath sinned in that thing:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall bring his trespass offering unto     
YHVH for his sin which he hath sinned, a female from the flock, a lamb or a kid 
of the goats, for a sin offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for    
him concerning his sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And if he be not able to bring a lamb, then he shall bring for his  
trespass, which he hath committed, two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, unto  
YHVH; one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall bring them     
unto the priest, who shall offer that which is for the sin offering first, and  
wring off his head from his neck, but shall not divide it asunder:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall sprinkle of    
the blood of the sin offering upon the side of the altar; and the rest of the   
blood shall be wrung out at the bottom of the altar: it is a sin offering.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall    
offer the second for a burnt offering, according to the manner: and the priest  
shall make an atonement for him for his sin which he hath sinned, and it shall  
be forgiven him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But if he be not able to bring two turtledoves, or two young pigeons,    
then he that sinned shall bring for his offering the tenth part of an ephah of  
fine flour for a sin offering; he shall put no oil upon it, neither shall he    
put any frankincense thereon: for it is a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall he bring it to the     
priest, and the priest shall take his handful of it, even a memorial thereof,   
and burn it on the altar, according to the offerings made by fire unto YHVH: it 
is a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the priest shall make an atonement for him as touching his sin that  
he hath sinned in one of these, and it shall be forgiven him: and the remnant   
shall be the priest's, as a meat offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>If a soul commit a        
trespass, and sin through ignorance, in the holy things of YHVH; then he shall  
bring for his trespass unto YHVH a ram without blemish out of the flocks, with  
thy estimation by shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, for a   
trespass offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he shall make amends for the harm that he hath done in the holy      
thing, and shall add the fifth part thereto, and give it unto the priest: and   
the priest shall make an atonement for him with the ram of the trespass         
offering, and it shall be forgiven him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a soul sin, and commit any of these      
things which are forbidden to be done by the commandments of YHVH; though he    
wist it not, yet is he guilty, and shall bear his iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall bring a ram      
without blemish out of the flock, with thy estimation, for a trespass offering, 
unto the priest: and the priest shall make an atonement for him concerning his  
ignorance wherein he erred and wist it not, and it shall be forgiven him.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>It is a         
trespass offering: he hath certainly trespassed against YHVH.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C006.htm'>Leviticus 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
