<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 31 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C030.htm'>Isaiah 30</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 31</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on       
horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because  
they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither    
seek YHVH!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet 
he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but     
will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them     
that work iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now the Egyptians are men, and not EL; and their horses flesh, and not   
spirit. When YHVH shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall,  
and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus hath     
YHVH spoken unto me, Like as the lion and the young lion roaring on his prey,   
when a multitude of shepherds is called forth against him, he will not be       
afraid of their voice, nor abase himself for the noise of them: so shall YHVH   
of hosts come down to fight for mount Zion, and for the hill thereof.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>As birds flying, so    
will YHVH of hosts defend Jerusalem; defending also he will deliver it; and     
passing over he will preserve it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Turn ye unto him from whom the children of Israel have    
deeply revolted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>For in that day every man shall cast away his idols of silver, and his idols 
of gold, which your own hands have made unto you for a sin.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall the Assyrian fall    
with the sword, not of a mighty man; and the sword, not of a mean man, shall    
devour him: but he shall flee from the sword, and his young men shall be        
discomfited.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he shall pass over to his strong hold for fear, and his princes shall be    
afraid of the ensign, saith YHVH, whose fire is in Zion, and his furnace in     
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C032.htm'>Isaiah 32</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
