<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B13C018.htm'>1st Chronicles 18</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The First Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass after this, 
that Nahash the king of the children of Ammon died, and his son reigned in his  
stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
David said, I will show kindness unto Hanun the son of Nahash, because his      
father showed kindness to me. And David sent messengers to comfort him          
concerning his father. So the servants of David came into the land of the       
children of Ammon to Hanun, to comfort him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But the princes of the children of Ammon said to  
Hanun, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he hath sent        
comforters unto thee? are not his servants come unto thee for to search, and to 
overthrow, and to spy out the land?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4> 
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore Hanun took David's servants, and shaved them,   
and cut off their garments in the midst hard by their buttocks, and sent them   
away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then     
there went certain, and told David how the men were served. And he sent to meet 
them: for the men were greatly ashamed. And the king said, Tarry at Jericho     
until your beards be grown, and then return.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the children of Ammon saw that they had  
made themselves odious to David, Hanun and the children of Ammon sent a         
thousand talents of silver to hire them chariots and horsemen out of            
Mesopotamia, and out of Syriamaachah, and out of Zobah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>So they hired thirty and two        
thousand chariots, and the king of Maachah and his people; who came and pitched 
before Medeba. And the children of Ammon gathered themselves together from      
their cities, and came to battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And when David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the     
host of the mighty men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the children of Ammon came out, and put the battle in array     
before the gate of the city: and the kings that were come were by themselves in 
the field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now when Joab saw that the battle was set against him before and behind, he     
chose out of all the choice of Israel, and put them in array against the        
Syrians.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the rest of the people he delivered unto the hand of Abishai his brother, and   
they set themselves in array against the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, If the Syrians   
be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be  
too strong for thee, then I will help thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Be of good courage, and let us behave ourselves 
valiantly for our people, and for the cities of our ELOHIYM: and let YHVH do    
that which is good in his sight.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joab and the people that were with him drew nigh      
before the Syrians unto the battle; and they fled before him.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the children of      
Ammon saw that the Syrians were fled, they likewise fled before Abishai his     
brother, and entered into the city. Then Joab came to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the Syrians saw  
that they were put to the worse before Israel, they sent messengers, and drew   
forth the Syrians that were beyond the river: and Shophach the captain of the   
host of Hadarezer went before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told David; and he gathered all Israel, and   
passed over Jordan, and came upon them, and set the battle in array against     
them. So when David had put the battle in array against the Syrians, they       
fought with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But the Syrians fled before Israel; and David slew of the Syrians seven  
thousand men which fought in chariots, and forty thousand footmen, and killed   
Shophach the captain of the host.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>  
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were    
put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his      
servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more.</P>    
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B13C020.htm'>1st Chronicles 20</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
