<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 28 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B13C027.htm'>1st Chronicles 27</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The First Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 28</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And David assembled all the     
princes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the captains of the companies 
that ministered to the king by course, and the captains over the thousands, and 
captains over the hundreds, and the stewards over all the substance and         
possession of the king, and of his sons, with the officers, and with the mighty 
men, and with all the valiant men, unto Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David the king stood up upon   
his feet, and said, Hear me, my brethren, and my people: As for me, I had in    
mine heart to build an house of rest for the ark of the covenant of YHVH, and   
for the footstool of our ELOHIYM, and had made ready for the building:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But ELOHIYM said unto  
me, Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of  
war, and hast shed blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Howbeit YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel chose me before all the house of my  
father to be king over Israel for ever: for he hath chosen Judah to be the      
ruler; and of the house of Judah, the house of my father; and among the sons of 
my father he liked me to make me king over all Israel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And of all my sons, (for YHVH hath  
given me many sons,) he hath chosen Solomon my son to sit upon the throne of    
the kingdom of YHVH over Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto me, Solomon thy son, he shall build my house 
and my courts: for I have chosen him to be my son, and I will be his father.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I will   
establish his kingdom for ever, if he be constant to do my commandments and my  
judgments, as at this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Now therefore in the sight of all Israel the congregation of YHVH,  
and in the audience of our ELOHIYM, keep and seek for all the commandments of   
YHVH your ELOHIYM: that ye may possess this good land, and leave it for an      
inheritance for your children after you for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, Solomon my son, know thou 
the ELOHIYM of thy father, and serve him with a perfect heart and with a        
willing mind: for YHVH searcheth all hearts, and understandeth all the          
imaginations of the thoughts: if thou seek him, he will be found of thee; but   
if thou forsake him, he will cast thee off for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed now; for YHVH hath      
chosen thee to build an house for the sanctuary: be strong, and do it.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David gave to   
Solomon his son the pattern of the porch, and of the houses thereof, and of the 
treasuries thereof, and of the upper chambers thereof, and of the inner parlors 
thereof, and of the place of the mercy seat,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the pattern of all that he had by the       
spirit, of the courts of the house of YHVH, and of all the chambers round       
about, of the treasuries of the house of ELOHIYM, and of the treasuries of the  
dedicated things:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Also for the courses of the priests and the Levites, and for all the     
work of the service of the house of YHVH, and for all the vessels of service in 
the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>He gave of gold by weight for things of gold, for all instruments of all 
manner of service; silver also for all instruments of silver by weight, for all 
instruments of every kind of service:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Even the weight for the candlesticks of gold,   
and for their lamps of gold, by weight for every candlestick, and for the lamps 
thereof: and for the candlesticks of silver by weight, both for the             
candlestick, and also for the lamps thereof, according to the use of every      
candlestick.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
And by weight he gave gold for the tables of shewbread, for every table; and    
likewise silver for the tables of silver:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Also pure gold for the fleshhooks, and the      
bowls, and the cups: and for the golden basins he gave gold by weight for every 
basin; and likewise silver by weight for every basin of silver:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And for the altar of      
incense refined gold by weight; and gold for the pattern of the chariot of the  
cherubim, that spread out their wings, and covered the ark of the covenant of   
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>All    
this, said David, YHVH made me understand in writing by his hand upon me, even  
all the works of this pattern.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4> 
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good     
courage, and do it: fear not, nor be dismayed: for YHVH ELOHIYM, even my        
ELOHIYM, will be with thee; he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee, until thou 
hast finished all the work for the service of the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, the courses  
of the priests and the Levites, even they shall be with thee for all the        
service of the house of ELOHIYM: and there shall be with thee for all manner of 
workmanship every willing skillful man, for any manner of service: also the     
princes and all the people will be wholly at thy commandment.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B13C029.htm'>1st Chronicles 29</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
