<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 2 - Sacred    
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C001.htm'>Deuteronomy 1</A></P><CENTER>   
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then we turned, and took our        
journey into the wilderness by the way of the Red sea, as YHVH spake unto me:   
and we compassed mount Seir many days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have compassed this mountain 
long enough: turn you northward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And command thou the people, saying, Ye are to pass through   
the coast of your brethren the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir; and they  
shall be afraid of you: take ye good heed unto yourselves therefore:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Meddle not with them;  
for I will not give you of their land, no, not so much as a foot breadth;       
because I have given mount Seir unto Esau for a possession.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall buy meat of them for   
money, that ye may eat; and ye shall also buy water of them for money, that ye  
may drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath blessed thee in all the works of thy hand: he knoweth thy 
walking through this great wilderness: these forty years YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath  
been with thee; thou hast lacked nothing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And when we passed by from our brethren the       
children of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, through the way of the plain from Elath, 
and from Eziongaber, we turned and passed by the way of the wilderness of       
Moab.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH 
said unto me, Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in battle:   
for I will not give thee of their land for a possession; because I have given   
Ar unto the children of Lot for a possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The Emims dwelt therein in times past, a     
people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Which also were accounted giants, 
as the Anakims; but the Moabites called them Emims.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>The Horims also dwelt in Seir     
beforetime; but the children of Esau succeeded them, when they had destroyed    
them from before them, and dwelt in their stead; as Israel did unto the land of 
his possession, which YHVH gave unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Now rise up, said I, and get you over the brook 
Zered. And we went over the brook Zered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the space in which we came from             
Kadeshbarnea, until we were come over the brook Zered, was thirty and eight     
years; until all the generation of the men of war were wasted out from among    
the host, as YHVH sware unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>For indeed the hand of YHVH was against them, to destroy 
them from among the host, until they were consumed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So it came to pass, when all the  
men of war were consumed and dead from among the people,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>That YHVH spake unto me,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou 
art to pass over through Ar, the coast of Moab, this day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when thou comest nigh over    
against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them: for I   
will not give thee of the land of the children of Ammon any possession; because 
I have given it unto the children of Lot for a possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>(That also was accounted a land   
of giants: giants dwelt therein in old time; and the Ammonites call them        
Zamzummims;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P> 
A people great, and many, and tall, as the Anakims; but YHVH destroyed them     
before them; and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>As he did to the children 
of Esau, which dwelt in Seir, when he destroyed the Horims from before them;    
and they succeeded them, and dwelt in their stead even unto this day:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Avims which  
dwelt in Hazerim, even unto Azzah, the Caphtorims, which came forth out of      
Caphtor, destroyed them, and dwelt in their stead.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Rise ye up, take your journey,    
and pass over the river Arnon: behold, I have given into thine hand Sihon the   
Amorite, king of Heshbon, and his land: begin to possess it, and contend with   
him in battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>This day will I begin to put the dread of thee and the fear of thee upon the 
nations that are under the whole heaven, who shall hear report of thee, and     
shall tremble, and be in anguish because of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And I sent messengers out of the  
wilderness of Kedemoth unto Sihon king of Heshbon with words of peace,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Let  
me pass through thy land: I will go along by the high way, I will neither turn  
unto the right hand nor to the left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt sell me meat for money, that I may   
eat; and give me water for money, that I may drink: only I will pass through on 
my feet;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>(As 
the children of Esau which dwell in Seir, and the Moabites which dwell in Ar,   
did unto me;) until I shall pass over Jordan into the land which YHVH our       
ELOHIYM giveth us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But Sihon king of Heshbon would not let us pass by him: for YHVH thy     
ELOHIYM hardened his spirit, and made his heart obstinate, that he might        
deliver him into thy hand, as appeareth this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto me, Behold, I  
have begun to give Sihon and his land before thee: begin to possess, that thou  
mayest inherit his land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then Sihon came out against us, he and all his people, to fight at  
Jahaz.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
YHVH our ELOHIYM delivered him before us; and we smote him, and his sons, and   
all his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And we took all his cities at that time, and utterly destroyed the men, and  
the women, and the little ones, of every city, we left none to remain:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Only the cattle we   
took for a prey unto ourselves, and the spoil of the cities which we took.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>From Aroer,     
which is by the brink of the river of Arnon, and from the city that is by the   
river, even unto Gilead, there was not one city too strong for us: YHVH our     
ELOHIYM delivered all unto us:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4> 
37</H4></TD><TD><P>Only unto the land of the children of Ammon thou camest not, 
nor unto any place of the river Jabbok, nor unto the cities in the mountains,   
nor unto whatsoever YHVH our ELOHIYM forbade us.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This  
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B05C003.htm'>Deuteronomy 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
