<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C020.htm'>2nd Chronicles 20</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Jehoshaphat slept with his  
fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David. And Jehoram his  
son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And he had brethren the sons of Jehoshaphat, Azariah, and Jehiel,   
and Zechariah, and Azariah, and Michael, and Shephatiah: all these were the     
sons of Jehoshaphat king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And their father gave them great gifts of silver, and of  
gold, and of precious things, with fenced cities in Judah: but the kingdom gave 
he to Jehoram; because he was the firstborn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when Jehoram was risen up to the kingdom of   
his father, he strengthened himself, and slew all his brethren with the sword,  
and divers also of the princes of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Jehoram was thirty and two years old when he      
began to reign, and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he walked in the way of the     
kings of Israel, like as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab 
to wife: and he wrought that which was evil in the eyes of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit YHVH would not      
destroy the house of David, because of the covenant that he had made with       
David, and as he promised to give a light to him and to his sons for ever.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In his days the   
Edomites revolted from under the dominion of Judah, and made themselves a       
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then     
Jehoram went forth with his princes, and all his chariots with him: and he rose 
up by night, and smote the Edomites which compassed him in, and the captains of 
the chariots.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>So the Edomites revolted from under the hand of Judah unto this day. The     
same time also did Libnah revolt from under his hand; because he had forsaken   
YHVH ELOHIYM of his fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he made high places in the mountains of Judah and   
caused the inhabitants of Jerusalem to commit fornication, and compelled Judah  
thereto.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
there came a writing to him from Elijah the prophet, saying, Thus saith YHVH    
ELOHIYM of David thy father, Because thou hast not walked in the ways of        
Jehoshaphat thy father, nor in the ways of Asa king of Judah,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But hast walked in the way of 
the kings of Israel, and hast made Judah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem to go 
a whoring, like to the whoredoms of the house of Ahab, and also hast slain thy  
brethren of thy father's house, which were better than thyself:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, with a great      
plague will YHVH smite thy people, and thy children, and thy wives, and all thy 
goods:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
thou shalt have great sickness by disease of thy bowels, until thy bowels fall  
out by reason of the sickness day by day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover YHVH stirred up against Jehoram the    
spirit of the Philistines, and of the Arabians, that were near the              
Ethiopians:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And they came up into Judah, and brake into it, and carried away all the        
substance that was found in the king's house, and his sons also, and his wives; 
so that there was never a son left him, save Jehoahaz, the youngest of his      
sons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
after all this YHVH smote him in his bowels with an incurable disease.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, 
that in process of time, after the end of two years, his bowels fell out by     
reason of his sickness: so he died of sore diseases. And his people made no     
burning for him, like the burning of his fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thirty and two years old was he   
when he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem eight years, and departed   
without being desired. Howbeit they buried him in the city of David, but not in 
the sepulchres of the kings.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is          
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C022.htm'>2nd Chronicles 22</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
