<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C020.htm'>Jeremiah 20</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word which came unto        
Jeremiah from YHVH, when king Zedekiah sent unto him Pashur the son of          
Melchiah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, saying,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Enquire, I pray thee, of    
YHVH for us; for Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon maketh war against us; if so be 
that YHVH will deal with us according to all his wondrous works, that he may go 
up from us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then said Jeremiah unto them, Thus shall ye say to Zedekiah:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of      
Israel; Behold, I will turn back the weapons of war that are in your hands,     
wherewith ye fight against the king of Babylon, and against the Chaldeans,      
which besiege you without the walls, and I will assemble them into the midst of 
this city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
I myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong     
arm, even in anger, and in fury, and in great wrath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will smite the inhabitants of 
this city, both man and beast: they shall die of a great pestilence.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And afterward, saith   
YHVH, I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah, and his servants, and the people,  
and such as are left in this city from the pestilence, from the sword, and from 
the famine, into the hand of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand  
of their enemies, and into the hand of those that seek their life: and he shall 
smite them with the edge of the sword; he shall not spare them, neither have    
pity, nor have mercy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And unto this people thou shalt say, Thus saith YHVH; Behold, I set      
before you the way of life, and the way of death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>He that abideth in this city shall  
die by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth   
out, and falleth to the Chaldeans that besiege you, he shall live, and his life 
shall be unto him for a prey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>For I have set my face against this city for evil, and not   
for good, saith YHVH: it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon,   
and he shall burn it with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And touching the house of the king of Judah, say, Hear ye    
the word of YHVH;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>O house of David, thus saith YHVH; Execute judgment in the morning, and  
deliver him that is spoiled out of the hand of the oppressor, lest my fury go   
out like fire, and burn that none can quench it, because of the evil of your    
doings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Behold, I am against thee, O inhabitant of the valley, and rock of the plain,   
saith YHVH; which say, Who shall come down against us? or who shall enter into  
our habitations?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But I will punish you according to the fruit of your doings, saith YHVH: 
and I will kindle a fire in the forest thereof, and it shall devour all things  
round about it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by     
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C022.htm'>Jeremiah 22</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
