<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C010.htm'>1st Samuel 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then Nahash the Ammonite came up, and encamped against Jabeshgilead: and 
all the men of Jabesh said unto Nahash, Make a covenant with us, and we will    
serve thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Nahash the Ammonite answered them, On this condition will I make a covenant 
with you, that I may thrust out all your right eyes, and lay it for a reproach  
upon all Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the elders of Jabesh said unto him, Give us seven days' respite, that we 
may send messengers unto all the coasts of Israel: and then, if there be no man 
to save us, we will come out to thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the messengers to Gibeah of Saul, and   
told the tidings in the ears of the people: and all the people lifted up their  
voices, and wept.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And, behold, Saul came after the herd out of the field; and Saul said, What  
aileth the people that they weep? And they told him the tidings of the men of   
Jabesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the Spirit of ELOHIYM came upon Saul when he heard those tidings, and his anger 
was kindled greatly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he took a yoke of oxen, and hewed them in pieces, and sent them      
throughout all the coasts of Israel by the hands of messengers, saying,         
Whosoever cometh not forth after Saul and after Samuel, so shall it be done     
unto his oxen. And the fear of YHVH fell on the people, and they came out with  
one consent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And when he numbered them in Bezek, the children of Israel were three hundred   
thousand, and the men of Judah thirty thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto the messengers that came,   
Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the sun 
be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came and showed it to the men of 
Jabesh; and they were glad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>    
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the men of Jabesh said, To morrow we will come out 
unto you, and ye shall do with us all that seemeth good unto you.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so on the      
morrow, that Saul put the people in three companies; and they came into the     
midst of the host in the morning watch, and slew the Ammonites until the heat   
of the day: and it came to pass, that they which remained were scattered, so    
that two of them were not left together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people said unto Samuel, Who is he that 
said, Shall Saul reign over us? bring the men, that we may put them to          
death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Saul said, There shall not a man be put to death this day: for to day YHVH hath 
wrought salvation in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Samuel to the people, Come, and let us go to       
Gilgal, and renew the kingdom there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the people went to Gilgal; and there    
they made Saul king before YHVH in Gilgal; and there they sacrificed sacrifices 
of peace offerings before YHVH; and there Saul and all the men of Israel        
rejoiced greatly.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by   
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B09C012.htm'>1st Samuel 12</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
