<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Malachi, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B39C001.htm'>Malachi 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Malachi</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, O ye priests, this commandment is for you.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>If ye will not hear,   
and if ye will not lay it to heart, to give glory unto my name, saith YHVH of   
hosts, I will even send a curse upon you, and I will curse your blessings: yea, 
I have cursed them already, because ye do not lay it to heart.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will corrupt your     
seed, and spread dung upon your faces, even the dung of your solemn feasts; and 
one shall take you away with it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall know that I have sent this commandment unto you, 
that my covenant might be with Levi, saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>My covenant was with him of life    
and peace; and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me, and was  
afraid before my name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>The law of truth was in his mouth, and iniquity was not found in    
his lips: he walked with me in peace and equity, and did turn many away from    
iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For  
the priest's lips should keep knowledge, and they should seek the law at his    
mouth: for he is the messenger of YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But ye are departed out of the way; 
ye have caused many to stumble at the law; ye have corrupted the covenant of    
Levi, saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Therefore have I also made you contemptible and base before all the 
people, according as ye have not kept my ways, but have been partial in the     
law.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Have we 
not all one father? hath not one EL created us? why do we deal treacherously    
every man against his brother, by profaning the covenant of our fathers?</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Judah hath      
dealt treacherously, and an abomination is committed in Israel and in           
Jerusalem; for Judah hath profaned the holiness of YHVH which he loved, and     
hath married the daughter of a strange god.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH will cut off the man that doeth this, the  
master and the scholar, out of the tabernacles of Jacob, and him that offereth  
an offering unto YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And this have ye done again, covering the altar of YHVH with 
tears, with weeping, and with crying out, insomuch that he regardeth not the    
offering any more, or receiveth it with good will at your hand.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet ye say, Wherefore?    
Because YHVH hath been witness between thee and the wife of thy youth, against  
whom thou hast dealt treacherously: yet is she thy companion, and the wife of   
thy covenant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And did not he make one? Yet had he the residue of the spirit. And wherefore 
one? That he might seek a godly seed. Therefore take heed to your spirit, and   
let none deal treacherously against the wife of his youth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel,  
saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment,  
saith YHVH of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not       
treacherously.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Ye have wearied YHVH with your words. Yet ye say, Wherein have we wearied    
him? When ye say, Every one that doeth evil is good in the sight of YHVH, and   
he delighteth in them; or, Where is the ELOHIYM of judgment?</P></TD></TR>      
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B39C003.htm'>Malachi 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
