<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Esther, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B17C001.htm'>Esther 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Esther</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
After these things, when the wrath of king Ahasuerus was appeased, he           
remembered Vashti, and what she had done, and what was decreed against her.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said the     
king's servants that ministered unto him, Let there be fair young virgins       
sought for the king:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And let the king appoint officers in all the provinces of his kingdom,   
that they may gather together all the fair young virgins unto Shushan the       
palace, to the house of the women, unto the custody of Hege the king's          
chamberlain, keeper of the women; and let their things for purification be      
given them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And let the maiden which pleaseth the king be queen instead of Vashti. And the  
thing pleased the king; and he did so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Now in Shushan the palace there was a certain     
Jew, whose name was Mordecai, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, the son of    
Kish, a Benjamite;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Who had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captivity which had    
been carried away with Jeconiah king of Judah, whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of  
Babylon had carried away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And he brought up Hadassah, that is, Esther, his uncle's daughter:  
for she had neither father nor mother, and the maid was fair and beautiful;     
whom Mordecai, when her father and mother were dead, took for his own           
daughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>So   
it came to pass, when the king's commandment and his decree was heard, and when 
many maidens were gathered together unto Shushan the palace, to the custody of  
Hegai, that Esther was brought also unto the king's house, to the custody of    
Hegai, keeper of the women.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>     
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the maiden pleased him, and she obtained kindness of him; 
and he speedily gave her her things for purification, with such things as       
belonged to her, and seven maidens, which were meet to be given her, out of the 
king's house: and he preferred her and her maids unto the best place of the     
house of the women.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Esther had not shewed her people nor her kindred: for Mordecai had       
charged her that she should not shew it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Mordecai walked every day before the court  
of the women's house, to know how Esther did, and what should become of her.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when every  
maid's turn was come to go in to king Ahasuerus, after that she had been twelve 
months, according to the manner of the women, (for so were the days of their    
purifications accomplished, to wit, six months with oil of myrrh, and six       
months with sweet odours, and with other things for the purifying of the        
women;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then 
thus came every maiden unto the king; whatsoever she desired was given her to   
go with her out of the house of the women unto the king's house.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>In the evening she went,  
and on the morrow she returned into the second house of the women, to the       
custody of Shaashgaz, the king's chamberlain, which kept the concubines: she    
came in unto the king no more, except the king delighted in her, and that she   
were called by name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now when the turn of Esther, the daughter of Abihail the uncle of   
Mordecai, who had taken her for his daughter, was come to go in unto the king,  
she required nothing but what Hegai the king's chamberlain, the keeper of the   
women, appointed. And Esther obtained favour in the sight of all them that      
looked upon her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>So Esther was taken unto king Ahasuerus into his house royal in the      
tenth month, which is the month Tebeth, in the seventh year of his reign.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king    
loved Esther above all the women, and she obtained grace and favour in his      
sight more than all the virgins; so that he set the royal crown upon her head,  
and made her queen instead of Vashti.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king made a great feast unto all his   
princes and his servants, even Esther's feast; and he made a release to the     
provinces, and gave gifts, according to the state of the king.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the virgins were     
gathered together the second time, then Mordecai sat in the king's gate.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Esther had not  
yet shewed her kindred nor her people; as Mordecai had charged her: for Esther  
did the commandment of Mordecai, like as when she was brought up with him.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days,  
while Mordecai sat in the king's gate, two of the king's chamberlains, Bigthan  
and Teresh, of those which kept the door, were wroth, and sought to lay hands   
on the king Ahasuerus.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the thing was known to Mordecai, who told it unto Esther the    
queen; and Esther certified the king thereof in Mordecai's name.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And when inquisition was  
made of the matter, it was found out; therefore they were both hanged on a      
tree: and it was written in the book of the chronicles before the king.</P></TD>
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B17C003.htm'>Esther 3</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
