<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 13 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C012.htm'>Leviticus 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and   
Aaron, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>
When a man shall have in the skin of his flesh a rising, a scab, or bright      
spot, and it be in the skin of his flesh like the plague of leprosy; then he    
shall be brought unto Aaron the priest, or unto one of his sons the priests:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest    
shall look on the plague in the skin of the flesh: and when the hair in the     
plague is turned white, and the plague in sight be deeper than the skin of his  
flesh, it is a plague of leprosy: and the priest shall look on him, and         
pronounce him unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>If the bright spot be white in the skin of his flesh, and in sight  
be not deeper than the skin, and the hair thereof be not turned white; then the 
priest shall shut up him that hath the plague seven days:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall look on him    
the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague in his sight be at a stay, and the  
plague spread not in the skin; then the priest shall shut him up seven days     
more:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
priest shall look on him again the seventh day: and, behold, if the plague be   
somewhat dark, and the plague spread not in the skin, the priest shall          
pronounce him clean: it is but a scab: and he shall wash his clothes, and be    
clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But if  
the scab spread much abroad in the skin, after that he hath been seen of the    
priest for his cleansing, he shall be seen of the priest again.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the priest see that, 
behold, the scab spreadeth in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him     
unclean: it is a leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>When the plague of leprosy is in a man, then he shall be brought    
unto the priest;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the rising be white in the 
skin, and it have turned the hair white, and there be quick raw flesh in the    
rising;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>It   
is an old leprosy in the skin of his flesh, and the priest shall pronounce him  
unclean, and shall not shut him up: for he is unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a leprosy break out abroad 
in the skin, and the leprosy cover all the skin of him that hath the plague     
from his head even to his foot, wheresoever the priest looketh;</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall     
consider: and, behold, if the leprosy have covered all his flesh, he shall      
pronounce him clean that hath the plague: it is all turned white: he is         
clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
when raw flesh appeareth in him, he shall be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall see the raw  
flesh, and pronounce him to be unclean: for the raw flesh is unclean: it is a   
leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Or  
if the raw flesh turn again, and be changed unto white, he shall come unto the  
priest;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the priest shall see him: and, behold, if the plague be turned into white; then 
the priest shall pronounce him clean that hath the plague: he is clean.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The flesh also, in   
which, even in the skin thereof, was a boil, and is healed,</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the place of the boil  
there be a white rising, or a bright spot, white, and somewhat reddish, and it  
be showed to the priest;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And if, when the priest seeth it, behold, it be in sight lower than 
the skin, and the hair thereof be turned white; the priest shall pronounce him  
unclean: it is a plague of leprosy broken out of the boil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the priest look on it,     
and, behold, there be no white hairs therein, and if it be not lower than the   
skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven days:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it       
spread much abroad in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it 
is a plague.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>
But if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not, it is a burning boil; 
and the priest shall pronounce him clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if there be any flesh, in the skin whereof   
there is a hot burning, and the quick flesh that burneth have a white bright    
spot, somewhat reddish, or white;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25>  
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall look upon it: and, behold, if the  
hair in the bright spot be turned white, and it be in sight deeper than the     
skin; it is a leprosy broken out of the burning: wherefore the priest shall     
pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the priest look on it,     
and, behold, there be no white hair in the bright spot, and it be no lower than 
the other skin, but be somewhat dark; then the priest shall shut him up seven   
days:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the priest shall look upon him the seventh day: and if it be spread much abroad 
in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is the plague of   
leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
if the bright spot stay in his place, and spread not in the skin, but it be     
somewhat dark; it is a rising of the burning, and the priest shall pronounce    
him clean: for it is an inflammation of the burning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man or woman have a plague   
upon the head or the beard;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>    
30</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall see the plague: and, behold, if it be  
in sight deeper than the skin; and there be in it a yellow thin hair; then the  
priest shall pronounce him unclean: it is a dry scall, even a leprosy upon the  
head or beard.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And if the priest look on the plague of the scall, and, behold, it be not in 
sight deeper than the skin, and that there is no black hair in it; then the     
priest shall shut up him that hath the plague of the scall seven days:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the seventh   
day the priest shall look on the plague: and, behold, if the scall spread not,  
and there be in it no yellow hair, and the scall be not in sight deeper than    
the skin;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>He 
shall be shaven, but the scall shall he not shave; and the priest shall shut up 
him that hath the scall seven days more:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the seventh day the priest shall look on 
the scall: and, behold, if the scall be not spread in the skin, nor be in sight 
deeper than the skin; then the priest shall pronounce him clean: and he shall   
wash his clothes, and be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>
35</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the scall spread much in the skin after his           
cleansing;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then the priest shall look on him: and, behold, if the scall be spread in the   
skin, the priest shall not seek for yellow hair; he is unclean.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the scall be in    
his sight at a stay, and that there is black hair grown up therein; the scall   
is healed, he is clean: and the priest shall pronounce him clean.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man also or a woman  
have in the skin of their flesh bright spots, even white bright spots;</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest      
shall look: and, behold, if the bright spots in the skin of their flesh be      
darkish white; it is a freckled spot that groweth in the skin; he is clean.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man     
whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet is he clean.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that hath his hair 
fallen off from the part of his head toward his face, he is forehead bald: yet  
is he clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>
And if there be in the bald head, or bald forehead, a white reddish sore; it is 
a leprosy sprung up in his bald head, or his bald forehead.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall look    
upon it: and, behold, if the rising of the sore be white reddish in his bald    
head, or in his bald forehead, as the leprosy appeareth in the skin of the      
flesh;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>He is 
a leprous man, he is unclean: the priest shall pronounce him utterly unclean;   
his plague is in his head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>     
45</H4></TD><TD><P>And the leper in whom the plague is, his clothes shall be    
rent, and his head bare, and he shall put a covering upon his upper lip, and    
shall cry, Unclean, unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>   
46</H4></TD><TD><P>All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be  
defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall his        
habitation be.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>The garment also that the plague of leprosy is in, whether it be a woolen    
garment, or a linen garment;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>   
48</H4></TD><TD><P>Whether it be in the warp, or woof; of linen, or of woolen;  
whether in a skin, or in any thing made of skin;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the plague be greenish or  
reddish in the garment, or in the skin, either in the warp, or in the woof, or  
in any thing of skin; it is a plague of leprosy, and shall be showed unto the   
priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the priest shall look upon the plague, and shut up it that hath the plague      
seven days:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And he shall look on the plague on the seventh day: if the plague be spread in  
the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in a skin, or in any work   
that is made of skin; the plague is a fretting leprosy; it is unclean.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall therefore   
burn that garment, whether warp or woof, in woolen or in linen, or any thing of 
skin, wherein the plague is: for it is a fretting leprosy; it shall be burnt in 
the fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And if the priest shall look, and, behold, the plague be not spread in the      
garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of skin;</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest      
shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is, and he shall shut 
it up seven days more:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>55</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the priest shall look on the plague, after that it is washed:   
and, behold, if the plague have not changed his color, and the plague be not    
spread; it is unclean; thou shalt burn it in the fire; it is fret inward,       
whether it be bare within or without.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V56><H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the priest look, and, behold, the plague 
be somewhat dark after the washing of it; then he shall rend it out of the      
garment, or out of the skin, or out of the warp, or out of the woof:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V57><H4>57</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it appear     
still in the garment, either in the warp, or in the woof, or in any thing of    
skin; it is a spreading plague: thou shalt burn that wherein the plague is with 
fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V58><H4>58</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the garment, either warp, or woof, or whatsoever thing of skin it be, which     
thou shalt wash, if the plague be departed from them, then it shall be washed   
the second time, and shall be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V59><H4>59</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law of the plague of leprosy in a   
garment of woolen or linen, either in the warp, or woof, or any thing of skins, 
to pronounce it clean, or to pronounce it unclean.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B03C014.htm'>Leviticus 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
