<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 11 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C010.htm'>Joshua 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it came to pass, when Jabin king of Hazor had heard those things, that he   
sent to Jobab king of Madon, and to the king of Shimron, and to the king of     
Achshaph,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
to the kings that were on the north of the mountains, and of the plains south   
of Chinneroth, and in the valley, and in the borders of Dor on the west,</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the        
Canaanite on the east and on the west, and to the Amorite, and the Hittite, and 
the Perizzite, and the Jebusite in the mountains, and to the Hivite under       
Hermon in the land of Mizpeh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they went out, they and all their hosts with them, much   
people, even as the sand that is upon the sea shore in multitude, with horses   
and chariots very many.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And when all these kings were met together, they came and pitched   
together at the waters of Merom, to fight against Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Joshua, Be not   
afraid because of them: for to morrow about this time will I deliver them up    
all slain before Israel: thou shalt hough their horses, and burn their chariots 
with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
Joshua came, and all the people of war with him, against them by the waters of  
Merom suddenly; and they fell upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH delivered them into the hand of Israel,  
who smote them, and chased them unto great Zidon, and unto Misrephothmaim, and  
unto the valley of Mizpeh eastward; and they smote them, until they left them   
none remaining.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Joshua did unto them as YHVH bade him: he houghed their horses, and      
burnt their chariots with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua at that time turned back, and took Hazor, and     
smote the king thereof with the sword: for Hazor beforetime was the head of all 
those kingdoms.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And they smote all the souls that were therein with the edge of the sword,   
utterly destroying them: there was not any left to breathe: and he burnt Hazor  
with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And all the cities of those kings, and all the kings of them, did Joshua take,  
and smote them with the edge of the sword, and he utterly destroyed them, as    
Moses the servant of YHVH commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But as for the cities that stood still in their 
strength, Israel burned none of them, save Hazor only; that did Joshua burn.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the     
spoil of these cities, and the cattle, the children of Israel took for a prey   
unto themselves; but every man they smote with the edge of the sword, until     
they had destroyed them, neither left they any to breathe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>As YHVH commanded Moses his       
servant, so did Moses command Joshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone 
of all that YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>  
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joshua took all that land, the hills, and all the     
south country, and all the land of Goshen, and the valley, and the plain, and   
the mountain of Israel, and the valley of the same;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Even from the mount Halak, that   
goeth up to Seir, even unto Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon under mount        
Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Joshua made war a    
long time with all those kings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>
19</H4></TD><TD><P>There was not a city that made peace with the children of    
Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in      
battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For  
it was of YHVH to harden their hearts, that they should come against Israel in  
battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favor,  
but that he might destroy them, as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And at that time came Joshua, and 
cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and 
from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua   
destroyed them utterly with their cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>There was none of the Anakims left in the land  
of the children of Israel: only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, there          
remained.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So 
Joshua took the whole land, according to all that YHVH said unto Moses; and     
Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by   
their tribes. And the land rested from war.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This       
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B06C012.htm'>Joshua 12</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
