<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C008.htm'>Ezekiel 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, Cause   
them that have charge over the city to draw near, even every man with his       
destroying weapon in his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>  
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate,    
which lieth toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand; and 
one man among them was clothed with linen, with a writer's inkhorn by his side: 
and they went in, and stood beside the brasen altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the glory of the ELOHIYM of     
Israel was gone up from the cherub, whereupon he was, to the threshold of the   
house. And he called to the man clothed with linen, which had the writer's      
inkhorn by his side;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And YHVH said unto him, Go through the midst of the city, through the    
midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the foreheads of the men that sigh and  
that cry for all the abominations that be done in the midst thereof.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the others he   
said in mine hearing, Go ye after him through the city, and smite: let not your 
eye spare, neither have ye pity:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Slay utterly old and young, both maids, and little children,  
and women: but come not near any man upon whom is the mark; and begin at my     
sanctuary. Then they began at the ancient men which were before the house.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto  
them, Defile the house, and fill the courts with the slain: go ye forth. And    
they went forth, and slew in the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, while they were slaying      
them, and I was left, that I fell upon my face, and cried, and said, Ah ADONAY  
YHVH! wilt thou destroy all the residue of Israel in thy pouring out of thy     
fury upon Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then said he unto me, The iniquity of the house of Israel and Judah is   
exceeding great, and the land is full of blood, and the city full of            
perverseness: for they say, YHVH hath forsaken the earth, and YHVH seeth        
not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And as  
for me also, mine eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity, but I will     
recompense their way upon their head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, the man clothed with linen, which  
had the inkhorn by his side, reported the matter, saying, I have done as thou   
hast commanded me.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B26C010.htm'>Ezekiel 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
