<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C016.htm'>Joshua 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
There was also a lot for the tribe of Manasseh; for he was the firstborn of     
Joseph; to wit, for Machir the firstborn of Manasseh, the father of Gilead:     
because he was a man of war, therefore he had Gilead and Bashan.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>There was also a lot for    
the rest of the children of Manasseh by their families; for the children of     
Abiezer, and for the children of Helek, and for the children of Asriel, and for 
the children of Shechem, and for the children of Hepher, and for the children   
of Shemida: these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph by their 
families.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
Zelophehad, the son of Hepher, the son of Gilead, the son of Machir, the son of 
Manasseh, had no sons, but daughters: and these are the names of his daughters, 
Mahlah, and Noah, Hoglah, Milcah, and Tirzah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they came near before Eleazar the priest,  
and before Joshua the son of Nun, and before the princes, saying, YHVH          
commanded Moses to give us an inheritance among our brethren. Therefore         
according to the commandment of YHVH he gave them an inheritance among the      
brethren of their father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And there fell ten portions to Manasseh, beside the land of Gilead  
and Bashan, which were on the other side Jordan;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Because the daughters of Manasseh   
had an inheritance among his sons: and the rest of Manasseh's sons had the land 
of Gilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the coast of Manasseh was from Asher to Michmethah, that lieth before Shechem;  
and the border went along on the right hand unto the inhabitants of             
Entappuah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Now 
Manasseh had the land of Tappuah: but Tappuah on the border of Manasseh         
belonged to the children of Ephraim;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the coast descended unto the river Kanah, southward   
of the river: these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh: the     
coast of Manasseh also was on the north side of the river, and the outgoings of 
it were at the sea:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Southward it was Ephraim's, and northward it was Manasseh's, and the sea 
is his border; and they met together in Asher on the north, and in Issachar on  
the east.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Manasseh had in Issachar and in Asher Bethshean and her towns, and Ibleam   
and her towns, and the inhabitants of Dor and her towns, and the inhabitants of 
Endor and her towns, and the inhabitants of Taanach and her towns, and the      
inhabitants of Megiddo and her towns, even three countries.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet the children of Manasseh  
could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities; but the Canaanites would   
dwell in that land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Yet it came to pass, when the children of Israel were waxen strong, that 
they put the Canaanites to tribute, but did not utterly drive them out.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of  
Joseph spake unto Joshua, saying, Why hast thou given me but one lot and one    
portion to inherit, seeing I am a great people, forasmuch as YHVH hath blessed  
me hitherto?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Joshua answered them, If thou be a great people, then get thee up to the    
wood country, and cut down for thyself there in the land of the Perizzites and  
of the giants, if mount Ephraim be too narrow for thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Joseph said,  
The hill is not enough for us: and all the Canaanites that dwell in the land of 
the valley have chariots of iron, both they who are of Bethshean and her towns, 
and they who are of the valley of Jezreel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua spake unto the house of Joseph, even 
to Ephraim and to Manasseh, saying, Thou art a great people, and hast great     
power: thou shalt not have one lot only:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But the mountain shall be thine; for it is a    
wood, and thou shalt cut it down: and the outgoings of it shall be thine: for   
thou shalt drive out the Canaanites, though they have iron chariots, and though 
they be strong.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by     
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C018.htm'>Joshua 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
