<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 33 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C032.htm'>Jeremiah 32</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 33</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the word of YHVH came  
unto Jeremiah the second time, while he was yet shut up in the court of the     
prison, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Thus saith YHVH the maker thereof, YHVH that formed it, to establish it;     
YHVH is his name;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, 
which thou knowest not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel, concerning the houses   
of this city, and concerning the houses of the kings of Judah, which are thrown 
down by the mounts, and by the sword;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>They come to fight with the Chaldeans, but it is  
to fill them with the dead bodies of men, whom I have slain in mine anger and   
in my fury, and for all whose wickedness I have hid my face from this city.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will    
bring it health and cure, and I will cure them, and will reveal unto them the   
abundance of peace and truth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cause the captivity of Judah and the captivity of  
Israel to return, and will build them, as at the first.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cleanse them from all    
their iniquity, whereby they have sinned against me; and I will pardon all      
their iniquities, whereby they have sinned, and whereby they have transgressed  
against me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And it shall be to me a name of joy, a praise and an honour before all the      
nations of the earth, which shall hear all the good that I do unto them: and    
they shall fear and tremble for all the goodness and for all the prosperity     
that I procure unto it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Again there shall be heard in this place, which ye 
say shall be desolate without man and without beast, even in the cities of      
Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, that are desolate, without man, and     
without inhabitant, and without beast,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>The voice of joy, and the voice of gladness,    
the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride, the voice of them that 
shall say, Praise YHVH of hosts: for YHVH is good; for his mercy endureth for   
ever: and of them that shall bring the sacrifice of praise into the house of    
YHVH. For I will cause to return the captivity of the land, as at the first,    
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Again in this place, which is desolate without man    
and without beast, and in all the cities thereof, shall be an habitation of     
shepherds causing their flocks to lie down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>In the cities of the mountains, in the cities   
of the vale, and in the cities of the south, and in the land of Benjamin, and   
in the places about Jerusalem, and in the cities of Judah, shall the flocks     
pass again under the hands of him that telleth them, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, the days come,    
saith YHVH, that I will perform that good thing which I have promised unto the  
house of Israel and to the house of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days, and at that time, will I cause   
the Branch of righteousness to grow up unto David; and he shall execute         
judgment and righteousness in the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days shall Judah be saved, and         
Jerusalem shall dwell safely: and this is the name wherewith she shall be       
called, YHVH our righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH; David shall never want a man to sit     
upon the throne of the house of Israel;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither shall the priests the Levites want a    
man before me to offer burnt offerings, and to kindle meat offerings, and to do 
sacrifice continually.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the word of YHVH came unto Jeremiah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; If ye can    
break my covenant of the day, and my covenant of the night, and that there      
should not be day and night in their season;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then may also my covenant be broken with David  
my servant, that he should not have a son to reign upon his throne; and with    
the Levites the priests, my ministers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>As the host of heaven cannot be numbered,       
neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my   
servant, and the Levites that minister unto me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the word of YHVH came to Jeremiah,  
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Considerest thou not what this people have spoken, saying, The two families     
which YHVH hath chosen, he hath even cast them off? thus they have despised my  
people, that they should be no more a nation before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; If my covenant   
be not with day and night, and if I have not appointed the ordinances of heaven 
and earth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then will I cast away the seed of Jacob and David my servant, so that I will    
not take any of his seed to be rulers over the seed of Abraham, Isaac, and      
Jacob: for I will cause their captivity to return, and have mercy on them.</P>  
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C034.htm'>Jeremiah 34</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
