<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C009.htm'>2nd Samuel 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it came to pass after this, that the king of the children of Ammon   
died, and Hanun his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said David, I will show kindness unto     
Hanun the son of Nahash, as his father showed kindness unto me. And David sent  
to comfort him by the hand of his servants for his father. And David's servants 
came into the land of the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the princes of the children of Ammon said     
unto Hanun their lord, Thinkest thou that David doth honor thy father, that he  
hath sent comforters unto thee? hath not David rather sent his servants unto    
thee, to search the city, and to spy it out, and to overthrow it?</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore Hanun took        
David's servants, and shaved off the one half of their beards, and cut off      
their garments in the middle, even to their buttocks, and sent them away.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>When they told it 
unto David, he sent to meet them, because the men were greatly ashamed: and the 
king said, Tarry at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the      
children of Ammon saw that they stank before David, the children of Ammon sent  
and hired the Syrians of Bethrehob and the Syrians of Zoba, twenty thousand     
footmen, and of king Maacah a thousand men, and of Ishtob twelve thousand       
men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when  
David heard of it, he sent Joab, and all the host of the mighty men.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of    
Ammon came out, and put the battle in array at the entering in of the gate: and 
the Syrians of Zoba, and of Rehob, and Ishtob, and Maacah, were by themselves   
in the field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P> 
When Joab saw that the front of the battle was against him before and behind,   
he chose of all the choice men of Israel, and put them in array against the     
Syrians:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the rest of the people he delivered into the hand of Abishai his brother, that  
he might put them in array against the children of Ammon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, If the Syrians be    
too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too 
strong for thee, then I will come and help thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Be of good courage, and let us    
play the men for our people, and for the cities of our ELOHIYM: and YHVH do     
that which seemeth him good.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joab drew nigh, and the people that were with him, unto  
the battle against the Syrians: and they fled before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the children of Ammon    
saw that the Syrians were fled, then fled they also before Abishai, and entered 
into the city. So Joab returned from the children of Ammon, and came to         
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And when the Syrians saw that they were smitten before Israel, they gathered    
themselves together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Hadarezer sent, and brought out the Syrians that were beyond    
the river: and they came to Helam; and Shobach the captain of the host of       
Hadarezer went before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>    
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And when it was told David, he gathered all Israel together, 
and passed over Jordan, and came to Helam. And the Syrians set themselves in    
array against David, and fought with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Syrians fled before Israel; and David   
slew the men of seven hundred chariots of the Syrians, and forty thousand       
horsemen, and smote Shobach the captain of their host, who died there.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the     
kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, 
they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the 
children of Ammon any more.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B10C011.htm'>2nd Samuel 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
