<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 29 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C028.htm'>Deuteronomy 28</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the words of the      
covenant, which YHVH commanded Moses to make with the children of Israel in the 
land of Moab, beside the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses called unto  
all Israel, and said unto them, Ye have seen all that YHVH did before your eyes 
in the land of Egypt unto Pharaoh, and unto all his servants, and unto all his  
land;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>The      
great temptations which thine eyes have seen, the signs, and those great        
miracles:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet  
YHVH hath not given you an heart to perceive, and eyes to see, and ears to      
hear, unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I have led you forty years in the wilderness: your clothes are not   
waxen old upon you, and thy shoe is not waxen old upon thy foot.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have not eaten bread,    
neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink: that ye might know that I am YHVH   
your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And when ye came unto this place, Sihon the king of Heshbon, and Og the king of 
Bashan, came out against us unto battle, and we smote them:</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And we took their land, and     
gave it for an inheritance unto the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, and to the  
half tribe of Manasseh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Keep therefore the words of this covenant, and do them, that ye may 
prosper in all that ye do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>     
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye stand this day all of you before YHVH your ELOHIYM; your  
captains of your tribes, your elders, and your officers, with all the men of    
Israel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Your 
little ones, your wives, and thy stranger that is in thy camp, from the hewer   
of thy wood unto the drawer of thy water:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>That thou shouldest enter into covenant with    
YHVH thy ELOHIYM, and into his oath, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM maketh with thee    
this day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
That he may establish thee to day for a people unto himself, and that he may be 
unto thee a ELOHIYM, as he hath said unto thee, and as he hath sworn unto thy   
fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither with you only do I make this covenant   
and this oath;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But with him that standeth here with us this day before YHVH our ELOHIYM,    
and also with him that is not here with us this day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>(For ye know how we have dwelt in 
the land of Egypt; and how we came through the nations which ye passed by;</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye have     
seen their abominations, and their idols, wood and stone, silver and gold,      
which were among them:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Lest there should be among you man, or woman, or family, or tribe,  
whose heart turneth away this day from YHVH our ELOHIYM, to go and serve the    
gods of these nations; lest there should be among you a root that beareth gall  
and wormwood;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And it come to pass, when he heareth the words of this curse, that he bless  
himself in his heart, saying, I shall have peace, though I walk in the          
imagination of mine heart, to add drunkenness to thirst:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH will not spare him, but then 
the anger of YHVH and his jealousy shall smoke against that man, and all the    
curses that are written in this book shall lie upon him, and YHVH shall blot    
out his name from under heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>
21</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall separate him unto evil out of all the tribes  
of Israel, according to all the curses of the covenant that are written in this 
book of the law:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>So that the generation to come of your children that shall rise up after 
you, and the stranger that shall come from a far land, shall say, when they see 
the plagues of that land, and the sicknesses which YHVH hath laid upon it;</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And that the    
whole land thereof is brimstone, and salt, and burning, that it is not sown,    
nor beareth, nor any grass groweth therein, like the overthrow of Sodom, and    
Gomorrah, Admah, and Zeboim, which YHVH overthrew in his anger, and in his      
wrath:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Even  
all nations shall say, Wherefore hath YHVH done thus unto this land? what       
meaneth the heat of this great anger?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then men shall say, Because they have forsaken  
the covenant of YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers, which he made with them when he  
brought them forth out of the land of Egypt:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>For they went and served other gods, and        
worshipped them, gods whom they knew not, and whom he had not given unto        
them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the anger of YHVH was kindled against this land, to bring upon it all the       
curses that are written in this book:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH rooted them out of their land in       
anger, and in wrath, and in great indignation, and cast them into another land, 
as it is this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>The secret things belong unto YHVH our ELOHIYM: but those things which   
are revealed belong unto us and to our children for ever, that we may do all    
the words of this law.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C030.htm'>Deuteronomy 30</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
