<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Habakkuk, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B35C001.htm'>Habakkuk 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Habakkuk</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to  
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>I will stand upon my watch, and set me upon the tower, and    
will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am   
reproved.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
YHVH answered me, and said, Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables,    
that he may run that readeth it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end   
it shall speak, and not lie: though it tarry, wait for it; because it will      
surely come, it will not tarry.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4> 
4</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him:    
but the just shall live by his faith.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea also, because he transgresseth by wine, he is 
a proud man, neither keepeth at home, who enlargeth his desire as hell, and is  
as death, and cannot be satisfied, but gathereth unto him all nations, and      
heapeth unto him all people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>    
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall not all these take up a parable against him, and a      
taunting proverb against him, and say, Woe to him that increaseth that which is 
not his! how long? and to him that ladeth himself with thick clay!</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall they not rise up      
suddenly that shall bite thee, and awake that shall vex thee, and thou shalt be 
for booties unto them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Because thou hast spoiled many nations, all the remnant of the      
people shall spoil thee; because of men's blood, and for the violence of the    
land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to him that coveteth an evil    
covetousness to his house, that he may set his nest on high, that he may be     
delivered from the power of evil!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>  
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou hast consulted shame to thy house by cutting off    
many people, and hast sinned against thy soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For the stone shall cry out of the wall, and 
the beam out of the timber shall answer it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to him that buildeth a town with blood, and 
stablisheth a city by iniquity!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, is it not of YHVH of hosts that the people shall     
labour in the very fire, and the people shall weary themselves for very         
vanity?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For  
the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of YHVH, as the       
waters cover the sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest thy      
bottle to him, and makest him drunken also, that thou mayest look on their      
nakedness!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Thou art filled with shame for glory: drink thou also, and let thy foreskin be  
uncovered: the cup of YHVH's right hand shall be turned unto thee, and shameful 
spewing shall be on thy glory.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4> 
17</H4></TD><TD><P>For the violence of Lebanon shall cover thee, and the spoil  
of beasts, which made them afraid, because of men's blood, and for the violence 
of the land, of the city, and of all that dwell therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>What profiteth the graven image   
that the maker thereof hath graven it; the molten image, and a teacher of lies, 
that the maker of his work trusteth therein, to make dumb idols?</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe unto him that saith   
to the wood, Awake; to the dumb stone, Arise, it shall teach! Behold, it is     
laid over with gold and silver, and there is no breath at all in the midst of   
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH 
is in his holy temple: let all the earth keep silence before him.</P></TD></TR> 
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B35C003.htm'>Habakkuk 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
