<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 15 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C014.htm'>Jeremiah 14</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 15</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said YHVH unto me, Though  
Moses and Samuel stood before me, yet my mind could not be toward this people:  
cast them out of my sight, and let them go forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, if they  
say unto thee, Whither shall we go forth? then thou shalt tell them, Thus saith 
YHVH; Such as are for death, to death; and such as are for the sword, to the    
sword; and such as are for the famine, to the famine; and such as are for the   
captivity, to the captivity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>    
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will appoint over them four kinds, saith YHVH: the      
sword to slay, and the dogs to tear, and the fowls of the heaven, and the       
beasts of the earth, to devour and destroy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cause them to be removed into all      
kingdoms of the earth, because of Manasseh the son of Hezekiah king of Judah,   
for that which he did in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For who shall have pity upon thee, O Jerusalem? or who    
shall bemoan thee? or who shall go aside to ask how thou doest?</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou hast forsaken me,      
saith YHVH, thou art gone backward: therefore will I stretch out my hand        
against thee, and destroy thee; I am weary with repenting.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will fan them with a fan in   
the gates of the land; I will bereave them of children, I will destroy my       
people since they return not from their ways.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Their widows are increased to me above the     
sand of the seas: I have brought upon them against the mother of the young men  
a spoiler at noonday: I have caused him to fall upon it suddenly, and terrors   
upon the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>
She that hath borne seven languisheth: she hath given up the ghost; her sun is  
gone down while it was yet day: she hath been ashamed and confounded: and the   
residue of them will I deliver to the sword before their enemies, saith         
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe is 
me, my mother, that thou hast borne me a man of strife and a man of contention  
to the whole earth! I have neither lent on usury, nor men have lent to me on    
usury; yet every one of them doth curse me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH said, Verily it shall be well with thy     
remnant; verily I will cause the enemy to entreat thee well in the time of evil 
and in the time of affliction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4> 
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall iron break the northern iron and the steel?</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy substance and    
thy treasures will I give to the spoil without price, and that for all thy      
sins, even in all thy borders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4> 
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make thee to pass with thine enemies into a land  
which thou knowest not: for a fire is kindled in mine anger, which shall burn   
upon you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>O  
YHVH, thou knowest: remember me, and visit me, and revenge me of my             
persecutors; take me not away in thy longsuffering: know that for thy sake I    
have suffered rebuke.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Thy words were found, and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me  
the joy and rejoicing of mine heart: for I am called by thy name, O YHVH        
ELOHIYM of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>I sat not in the assembly of the mockers, nor rejoiced; I sat alone      
because of thy hand: for thou hast filled me with indignation.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Why is my pain perpetual, and 
my wound incurable, which refuseth to be healed? wilt thou be altogether unto   
me as a liar, and as waters that fail?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH, If thou return, then 
will I bring thee again, and thou shalt stand before me: and if thou take forth 
the precious from the vile, thou shalt be as my mouth: let them return unto     
thee; but return not thou unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make thee unto this people a fenced  
brasen wall: and they shall fight against thee, but they shall not prevail      
against thee: for I am with thee to save thee and to deliver thee, saith        
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And I  
will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked, and I will redeem thee out of  
the hand of the terrible.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright   
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C016.htm'>Jeremiah 16</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
