<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C006.htm'>Jeremiah 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to  
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word that came to Jeremiah from YHVH, saying,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Stand in the gate of   
YHVH's house, and proclaim there this word, and say, Hear the word of YHVH, all 
ye of Judah, that enter in at these gates to worship YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the       
ELOHIYM of Israel, Amend your ways and your doings, and I will cause you to     
dwell in this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Trust ye not in lying words, saying, The temple of YHVH, The temple of   
YHVH, The temple of YHVH, are these.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For if ye throughly amend your ways and your doings; if   
ye throughly execute judgment between a man and his neighbour;</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>If ye oppress not the stranger, 
the fatherless, and the widow, and shed not innocent blood in this place,       
neither walk after other gods to your hurt:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I cause you to dwell in this place, in  
the land that I gave to your fathers, for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, ye trust in lying words,    
that cannot profit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Will ye steal, murder, and commit adultery, and swear falsely, and burn  
incense unto Baal, and walk after other gods whom ye know not;</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And come and stand before me  
in this house, which is called by my name, and say, We are delivered to do all  
these abominations?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Is this house, which is called by my name, become a den of robbers in    
your eyes? Behold, even I have seen it, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But go ye now unto my place which 
was in Shiloh, where I set my name at the first, and see what I did to it for   
the wickedness of my people Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, because ye have done all these works, saith     
YHVH, and I spake unto you, rising up early and speaking, but ye heard not; and 
I called you, but ye answered not;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14> 
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore will I do unto this house, which is called by  
my name, wherein ye trust, and unto the place which I gave to you and to your   
fathers, as I have done to Shiloh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cast you out of my sight, as I have cast out  
all your brethren, even the whole seed of Ephraim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore pray not thou for this  
people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither make intercession to   
me: for I will not hear thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Seest thou not what they do in the cities of Judah and in    
the streets of Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>      
18</H4></TD><TD><P>The children gather wood, and the fathers kindle the fire,   
and the women knead their dough, to make cakes to the queen of heaven, and to   
pour out drink offerings unto other gods, that they may provoke me to anger.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Do they provoke 
me to anger? saith YHVH: do they not provoke themselves to the confusion of     
their own faces?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, mine anger and my fury     
shall be poured out upon this place, upon man, and upon beast, and upon the     
trees of the field, and upon the fruit of the ground; and it shall burn, and    
shall not be quenched.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Put your burnt     
offerings unto your sacrifices, and eat flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For I spake not unto your fathers, nor       
commanded them in the day that I brought them out of the land of Egypt,         
concerning burnt offerings or sacrifices:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>But this thing commanded I them, saying, Obey   
my voice, and I will be your ELOHIYM, and ye shall be my people: and walk ye in 
all the ways that I have commanded you, that it may be well unto you.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>But they hearkened   
not, nor inclined their ear, but walked in the counsels and in the imagination  
of their evil heart, and went backward, and not forward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Since the day that your fathers   
came forth out of the land of Egypt unto this day I have even sent unto you all 
my servants the prophets, daily rising up early and sending them:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet they hearkened not    
unto me, nor inclined their ear, but hardened their neck: they did worse than   
their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Therefore thou shalt speak all these words unto them; but they will not      
hearken to thee: thou shalt also call unto them; but they will not answer       
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
thou shalt say unto them, This is a nation that obeyeth not the voice of YHVH   
their ELOHIYM, nor receiveth correction: truth is perished, and is cut off from 
their mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>
Cut off thine hair, O Jerusalem, and cast it away, and take up a lamentation on 
high places; for YHVH hath rejected and forsaken the generation of his          
wrath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
the children of Judah have done evil in my sight, saith YHVH: they have set     
their abominations in the house which is called by my name, to pollute it.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And they have   
built the high places of Tophet, which is in the valley of the son of Hinnom,   
to burn their sons and their daughters in the fire; which I commanded them not, 
neither came it into my heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4> 
32</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that it shall  
no more be called Tophet, nor the valley of the son of Hinnom, but the valley   
of slaughter: for they shall bury in Tophet, till there be no place.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And the carcases of  
this people shall be meat for the fowls of the heaven, and for the beasts of    
the earth; and none shall fray them away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will I cause to cease from the cities of   
Judah, and from the streets of Jerusalem, the voice of mirth, and the voice of  
gladness, the voice of the bridegroom, and the voice of the bride: for the land 
shall be desolate.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by  
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C008.htm'>Jeremiah 8</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
