<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 27 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C026.htm'>Leviticus 26</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 27</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When a man shall make a         
singular vow, the persons shall be for YHVH by thy estimation.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy estimation shall be of  
the male from twenty years old even unto sixty years old, even thy estimation   
shall be fifty shekels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be a female, 
then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be from five years old even unto twenty 
years old, then thy estimation shall be of the male twenty shekels, and for the 
female ten shekels.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And if it be from a month old even unto five years old, then thy         
estimation shall be of the male five shekels of silver, and for the female thy  
estimation shall be three shekels of silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be from sixty years old and above; if   
it be a male, then thy estimation shall be fifteen shekels, and for the female  
ten shekels.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But if he be poorer than thy estimation, then he shall present himself before   
the priest, and the priest shall value him; according to his ability that vowed 
shall the priest value him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>     
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be a beast, whereof men bring an offering unto      
YHVH, all that any man giveth of such unto YHVH shall be holy.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall not alter it, nor    
change it, a good for a bad, or a bad for a good: and if he shall at all change 
beast for beast, then it and the exchange thereof shall be holy.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be any unclean  
beast, of which they do not offer a sacrifice unto YHVH, then he shall present  
the beast before the priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall value it, whether it be good or bad: as 
thou valuest it, who art the priest, so shall it be.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But if he will at all redeem it,  
then he shall add a fifth part thereof unto thy estimation.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when a man shall sanctify 
his house to be holy unto YHVH, then the priest shall estimate it, whether it   
be good or bad: as the priest shall estimate it, so shall it stand.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he that       
sanctified it will redeem his house, then he shall add the fifth part of the    
money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be his.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a man shall sanctify unto  
YHVH some part of a field of his possession, then thy estimation shall be       
according to the seed thereof: an homer of barley seed shall be valued at fifty 
shekels of silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>If he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee, according to thy      
estimation it shall stand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>     
18</H4></TD><TD><P>But if he sanctify his field after the jubilee, then the     
priest shall reckon unto him the money according to the years that remain, even 
unto the year of the jubilee, and it shall be abated from thy estimation.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he that  
sanctified the field will in any wise redeem it, then he shall add the fifth    
part of the money of thy estimation unto it, and it shall be assured to him.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he will  
not redeem the field, or if he have sold the field to another man, it shall not 
be redeemed any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But the field, when it goeth out in the jubilee, shall be holy unto 
YHVH, as a field devoted; the possession thereof shall be the priest's.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a man         
sanctify unto YHVH a field which he hath bought, which is not of the fields of  
his possession;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then the priest shall reckon unto him the worth of thy estimation, even unto 
the year of the jubilee: and he shall give thine estimation in that day, as a   
holy thing unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>In the year of the jubilee the field shall return unto him of whom  
it was bought, even to him to whom the possession of the land did belong.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And all thy     
estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary: twenty gerahs    
shall be the shekel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be YHVH's firstling, 
no man shall sanctify it; whether it be ox, or sheep: it is YHVH's.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be of an   
unclean beast, then he shall redeem it according to thine estimation, and shall 
add a fifth part of it thereto: or if it be not redeemed, then it shall be sold 
according to thy estimation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>   
28</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding no devoted thing, that a man shall devote    
unto YHVH of all that he hath, both of man and beast, and of the field of his   
possession, shall be sold or redeemed: every devoted thing is most holy unto    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>None   
devoted, which shall be devoted of men, shall be redeemed; but shall surely be  
put to death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And all the tithe of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the    
fruit of the tree, is YHVH's: it is holy unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a man will at all redeem   
ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And concerning the tithe  
of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under the rod, the     
tenth shall be holy unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4> 
33</H4></TD><TD><P>He shall not search whether it be good or bad, neither shall 
he change it: and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof   
shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the commandments, which YHVH          
commanded Moses for the children of Israel in mount Sinai.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B04C001.htm'>Numbers 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
