<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C005.htm'>Ezra 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 6</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then     
Darius the king made a decree, and search was made in the house of the rolls,   
where the treasures were laid up in Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was found at Achmetha, in the palace    
that is in the province of the Medes, a roll, and therein was a record thus     
written:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>In    
the first year of Cyrus the king the same Cyrus the king made a decree          
concerning the house of ELAHH at Jerusalem, Let the house be builded, the place 
where they offered sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly      
laid; the height thereof threescore cubits, and the breadth thereof threescore  
cubits;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>With   
three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber: and let the expenses be    
given out of the king's house:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And also let the golden and silver vessels of the house of    
ELAHH, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple which is at Jerusalem, 
and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple which  
is at Jerusalem, every one to his place, and place them in the house of         
ELAHH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Now     
therefore, Tatnai, governor beyond the river, Shetharboznai, and your           
companions the Apharsachites, which are beyond the river, be ye far from        
thence:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Let    
the work of this house of ELAHH alone; let the governor of the Jews and the     
elders of the Jews build this house of ELAHH in his place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I make a decree what ye    
shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of this house of ELAHH:   
that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forthwith       
expenses be given unto these men, that they be not hindered.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And that which they have need   
of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs, for the burnt offerings of the    
ELAHH of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of    
the priests which are at Jerusalem, let it be given them day by day without     
fail:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>That   
they may offer sacrifices of sweet savours unto the ELAHH of heaven, and pray   
for the life of the king, and of his sons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Also I have made a decree, that whosoever shall 
alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house, and being set up,    
let him be hanged thereon; and let his house be made a dunghill for this.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the ELAHH   
that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people, that     
shall put to their hand to alter and to destroy this house of ELAHH which is at 
Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree; let it be done with speed.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Tatnai, governor on  
this side the river, Shetharboznai, and their companions, according to that     
which Darius the king had sent, so they did speedily.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the elders of the Jews        
builded, and they prospered through the prophesying of Haggai the prophet and   
Zechariah the son of Iddo. And they builded, and finished it, according to the  
commandment of the ELAHH of Israel, and according to the commandment of Cyrus,  
and Darius, and Artaxerxes king of Persia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And this house was finished on the third day of 
the month Adar, which was in the sixth year of the reign of Darius the king.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the         
children of Israel, the priests, and the Levites, and the rest of the children  
of the captivity, kept the dedication of this house of ELAHH with joy.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And offered at the   
dedication of this house of ELAHH an hundred bullocks, two hundred rams, four   
hundred lambs; and for a sin offering for all Israel, twelve he goats,          
according to the number of the tribes of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And they set the priests in their 
divisions, and the Levites in their courses, for the service of ELAHH, which is 
at Jerusalem; as it is written in the book of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of the captivity 
kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For the priests and the       
Levites were purified together, all of them were pure, and killed the passover  
for all the children of the captivity, and for their brethren the priests, and  
for themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the children of Israel, which were come again out of captivity, and all  
such as had separated themselves unto them from the filthiness of the heathen   
of the land, to seek YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, did eat,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And kept the feast of unleavened  
bread seven days with joy: for YHVH had made them joyful, and turned the heart  
of the king of Assyria unto them, to strengthen their hands in the work of the  
house of ELOHIYM, the ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software 
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B15C007.htm'>Ezra 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
