<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 24 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C023.htm'>2nd Samuel 23</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second  
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And again the anger of YHVH was kindled against Israel, and he moved     
David against them to say, Go, number Israel and Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For the king said to Joab the       
captain of the host, which was with him, Go now through all the tribes of       
Israel, from Dan even to Beersheba, and number ye the people, that I may know   
the number of the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And Joab said unto the king, Now YHVH thy ELOHIYM add unto the      
people, how many soever they be, an hundredfold, and that the eyes of my lord   
the king may see it: but why doth my lord the king delight in this thing?</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding   
the king's word prevailed against Joab, and against the captains of the host.   
And Joab and the captains of the host went out from the presence of the king,   
to number the people of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they passed over Jordan, and pitched in Aroer, on the     
right side of the city that lieth in the midst of the river of Gad, and toward  
Jazer:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
they came to Gilead, and to the land of Tahtimhodshi; and they came to Danjaan, 
and about to Zidon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And came to the strong hold of Tyre, and to all the cities of the        
Hivites, and of the Canaanites: and they went out to the south of Judah, even   
to Beersheba.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P> 
So when they had gone through all the land, they came to Jerusalem at the end   
of nine months and twenty days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joab gave up the sum of the number of the people unto the 
king: and there were in Israel eight hundred thousand valiant men that drew the 
sword; and the men of Judah were five hundred thousand men.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And David's heart smote him   
after that he had numbered the people. And David said unto YHVH, I have sinned  
greatly in that I have done: and now, I beseech thee, O YHVH, take away the     
iniquity of thy servant; for I have done very foolishly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For when David was up in the      
morning, the word of YHVH came unto the prophet Gad, David's seer, saying,</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Go and say unto 
David, Thus saith YHVH, I offer thee three things; choose thee one of them,     
that I may do it unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>    
13</H4></TD><TD><P>So Gad came to David, and told him, and said unto him, Shall 
seven years of famine come unto thee in thy land? or wilt thou flee three       
months before thine enemies, while they pursue thee? or that there be three     
days' pestilence in thy land? now advise, and see what answer I shall return to 
him that sent me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And David said unto Gad, I am in a great strait: let us fall now into    
the hand of YHVH; for his mercies are great: and let me not fall into the hand  
of man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So   
YHVH sent a pestilence upon Israel from the morning even to the time appointed: 
and there died of the people from Dan even to Beersheba seventy thousand        
men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
when the angel stretched out his hand upon Jerusalem to destroy it, YHVH        
repented him of the evil, and said to the angel that destroyed the people, It   
is enough: stay now thine hand. And the angel of YHVH was by the threshingplace 
of Araunah the Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And David spake unto YHVH when he saw the angel that smote the      
people, and said, Lo, I have sinned, and I have done wickedly: but these sheep, 
what have they done? let thine hand, I pray thee, be against me, and against my 
father's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And Gad came that day to David, and said unto him, Go up, rear an altar unto 
YHVH in the threshingfloor of Araunah the Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And David, according to the       
saying of Gad, went up as YHVH commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Araunah looked, and saw the king and his    
servants coming on toward him: and Araunah went out, and bowed himself before   
the king on his face upon the ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Araunah said, Wherefore is my lord the king 
come to his servant? And David said, To buy the threshingfloor of thee, to      
build an altar unto YHVH, that the plague may be stayed from the people.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And Araunah     
said unto David, Let my lord the king take and offer up what seemeth good unto  
him: behold, here be oxen for burnt sacrifice, and threshing instruments and    
other instruments of the oxen for wood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>All these things did Araunah, as a king, give   
unto the king. And Araunah said unto the king, YHVH thy ELOHIYM accept thee.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king    
said unto Araunah, Nay; but I will surely buy it of thee at a price: neither    
will I offer burnt offerings unto YHVH my ELOHIYM of that which doth cost me    
nothing. So David bought the threshingfloor and the oxen for fifty shekels of   
silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
David built there an altar unto YHVH, and offered burnt offerings and peace     
offerings. So YHVH was intreated for the land, and the plague was stayed from   
Israel.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C001.htm'>1st Kings 1</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
