<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B26C048.htm'>Ezekiel 48</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of    
the Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>In the third year of the reign of Jehoiakim king of Judah came           
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon unto Jerusalem, and besieged it.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the ADONAY gave         
Jehoiakim king of Judah into his hand, with part of the vessels of the house of 
ELOHIYM: which he carried into the land of Shinar to the house of his god; and  
he brought the vessels into the treasure house of his god.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king spake unto Ashpenaz    
the master of his eunuchs, that he should bring certain of the children of      
Israel, and of the king's seed, and of the princes;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Children in whom was no blemish,    
but well favoured, and skilful in all wisdom, and cunning in knowledge, and     
understanding science, and such as had ability in them to stand in the king's   
palace, and whom they might teach the learning and the tongue of the            
Chaldeans.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the king appointed them a daily provision of the king's meat, and of the wine   
which he drank: so nourishing them three years, that at the end thereof they    
might stand before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>    
6</H4></TD><TD><P>Now among these were of the children of Judah, Daniel,        
Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4> 
7</H4></TD><TD><P>Unto whom the prince of the eunuchs gave names: for he gave   
unto Daniel the name of Belteshazzar; and to Hananiah, of Shadrach; and to      
Mishael, of Meshach; and to Azariah, of Abednego.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But Daniel purposed in his heart    
that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with  
the wine which he drank: therefore he requested of the prince of the eunuchs    
that he might not defile himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Now ELOHIYM had brought Daniel into favour and tender     
love with the prince of the eunuchs.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the prince of the eunuchs said unto Daniel, 
I fear my lord the king, who hath appointed your meat and your drink: for why   
should he see your faces worse liking than the children which are of your sort? 
then shall ye make me endanger my head to the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Daniel to Melzar, whom  
the prince of the eunuchs had set over Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and           
Azariah,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Prove thy servants, I beseech thee, ten days; and let them give us pulse to     
eat, and water to drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then let our countenances be looked upon before thee, and the       
countenance of the children that eat of the portion of the king's meat: and as  
thou seest, deal with thy servants.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So he consented to them in this matter, and proved them  
ten days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And at the end of ten days their countenances appeared fairer and fatter in     
flesh than all the children which did eat the portion of the king's meat.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus Melzar     
took away the portion of their meat, and the wine that they should drink; and   
gave them pulse.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>As for these four children, ELOHIYM gave them knowledge and skill in all 
learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Now at the end  
of the days that the king had said he should bring them in, then the prince of  
the eunuchs brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king communed with them;  
and among them all was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah:  
therefore stood they before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And in all matters of wisdom and understanding, 
that the king enquired of them, he found them ten times better than all the     
magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Daniel continued even unto    
the first year of king Cyrus.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is         
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B27C002.htm'>Daniel 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
