<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C016.htm'>2nd Kings 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of Elah   
to reign in Samaria over Israel nine years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in the sight of    
YHVH, but not as the kings of Israel that were before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Against him came up Shalmaneser     
king of Assyria; and Hoshea became his servant, and gave him presents.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of        
Assyria found conspiracy in Hoshea: for he had sent messengers to So king of    
Egypt, and brought no present to the king of Assyria, as he had done year by    
year: therefore the king of Assyria shut him up, and bound him in prison.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king of  
Assyria came up throughout all the land, and went up to Samaria, and besieged   
it three years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>In the ninth year of Hoshea the king of Assyria took Samaria, and carried    
Israel away into Assyria, and placed them in Halah and in Habor by the river of 
Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For so it was, that the children of Israel had    
sinned against YHVH their ELOHIYM, which had brought them up out of the land of 
Egypt, from under the hand of Pharaoh king of Egypt, and had feared other       
gods,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
walked in the statutes of the heathen, whom YHVH cast out from before the       
children of Israel, and of the kings of Israel, which they had made.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of    
Israel did secretly those things that were not right against YHVH their         
ELOHIYM, and they built them high places in all their cities, from the tower of 
the watchmen to the fenced city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>   
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And they set them up images and groves in every high     
hill, and under every green tree:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>  
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And there they burnt incense in all the high places, as  
did the heathen whom YHVH carried away before them; and wrought wicked things   
to provoke YHVH to anger:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>      
12</H4></TD><TD><P>For they served idols, whereof YHVH had said unto them, Ye   
shall not do this thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Yet YHVH testified against Israel, and against Judah, by all the    
prophets, and by all the seers, saying, Turn ye from your evil ways, and keep   
my commandments and my statutes, according to all the law which I commanded     
your fathers, and which I sent to you by my servants the prophets.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding they      
would not hear, but hardened their necks, like to the neck of their fathers,    
that did not believe in YHVH their ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rejected his statutes, and his         
covenant that he made with their fathers, and his testimonies which he          
testified against them; and they followed vanity, and became vain, and went     
after the heathen that were round about them, concerning whom YHVH had charged  
them, that they should not do like them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they left all the commandments of YHVH      
their ELOHIYM, and made them molten images, even two calves, and made a grove,  
and worshipped all the host of heaven, and served Baal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they caused their sons and    
their daughters to pass through the fire, and used divination and enchantments, 
and sold themselves to do evil in the sight of YHVH, to provoke him to          
anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Therefore YHVH was very angry with Israel, and removed them out of his sight:   
there was none left but the tribe of Judah only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Also Judah kept not the           
commandments of YHVH their ELOHIYM, but walked in the statutes of Israel which  
they made.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And YHVH rejected all the seed of Israel, and afflicted them, and delivered     
them into the hand of spoilers, until he had cast them out of his sight.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For he rent     
Israel from the house of David; and they made Jeroboam the son of Nebat king:   
and Jeroboam drave Israel from following YHVH, and made them sin a great        
sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For the 
children of Israel walked in all the sins of Jeroboam which he did; they        
departed not from them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Until YHVH removed Israel out of his sight, as he had said by all   
his servants the prophets. So was Israel carried away out of their own land to  
Assyria unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the king of Assyria brought men from Babylon, and from Cuthah,  
and from Ava, and from Hamath, and from Sepharvaim, and placed them in the      
cities of Samaria instead of the children of Israel: and they possessed         
Samaria, and dwelt in the cities thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And so it was at the beginning of their         
dwelling there, that they feared not YHVH: therefore YHVH sent lions among      
them, which slew some of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4> 
26</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore they spake to the king of Assyria, saying, The     
nations which thou hast removed, and placed in the cities of Samaria, know not  
the manner of the ELOHIYM of the land: therefore he hath sent lions among them, 
and, behold, they slay them, because they know not the manner of the ELOHIYM of 
the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then the king of Assyria commanded, saying, Carry thither one of the priests    
whom ye brought from thence; and let them go and dwell there, and let him teach 
them the manner of the ELOHIYM of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then one of the priests whom they had carried   
away from Samaria came and dwelt in Bethel, and taught them how they should     
fear YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Howbeit every nation made gods of their own, and put them in the houses of the  
high places which the Samaritans had made, every nation in their cities wherein 
they dwelt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the men of Babylon made Succothbenoth, and the men of Cuth made Nergal, and 
the men of Hamath made Ashima,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4> 
31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Avites made Nibhaz and Tartak, and the Sepharvites   
burnt their children in fire to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of         
Sepharvaim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P> 
So they feared YHVH, and made unto themselves of the lowest of them priests of  
the high places, which sacrificed for them in the houses of the high places.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>They feared     
YHVH, and served their own gods, after the manner of the nations whom they      
carried away from thence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>      
34</H4></TD><TD><P>Unto this day they do after the former manners: they fear    
not YHVH, neither do they after their statutes, or after their ordinances, or   
after the law and commandment which YHVH commanded the children of Jacob, whom  
he named Israel;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>With whom YHVH had made a covenant, and charged them, saying, Ye shall   
not fear other gods, nor bow yourselves to them, nor serve them, nor sacrifice  
to them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
YHVH, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and a        
stretched out arm, him shall ye fear, and him shall ye worship, and to him      
shall ye do sacrifice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the statutes, and the ordinances, and the law, and the          
commandment, which he wrote for you, ye shall observe to do for evermore; and   
ye shall not fear other gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>  
38</H4></TD><TD><P>And the covenant that I have made with you ye shall not      
forget; neither shall ye fear other gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH your ELOHIYM ye shall fear; and he     
shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit they did not hearken, but 
they did after their former manner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41>
<H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>So these nations feared YHVH, and served their graven    
images, both their children, and their children's children: as did their        
fathers, so do they unto this day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is    
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B12C018.htm'>2nd Kings 18</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
