<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 29 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C028.htm'>1st Samuel 28</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Now the Philistines gathered together all their armies to Aphek: and the 
Israelites pitched by a fountain which is in Jezreel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the lords of the Philistines    
passed on by hundreds, and by thousands: but David and his men passed on in the 
rearward with Achish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then said the princes of the Philistines, What do these Hebrews here?    
And Achish said unto the princes of the Philistines, Is not this David, the     
servant of Saul the king of Israel, which hath been with me these days, or      
these years, and I have found no fault in him since he fell unto me unto this   
day?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the   
princes of the Philistines were wroth with him; and the princes of the          
Philistines said unto him, Make this fellow return, that he may go again to his 
place which thou hast appointed him, and let him not go down with us to battle, 
lest in the battle he be an adversary to us: for wherewith should he reconcile  
himself unto his master? should it not be with the heads of these men?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Is not this David, of  
whom they sang one to another in dances, saying, Saul slew his thousands, and   
David his ten thousands?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Then Achish called David, and said unto him, Surely, as YHVH        
liveth, thou hast been upright, and thy going out and thy coming in with me in  
the host is good in my sight: for I have not found evil in thee since the day   
of thy coming unto me unto this day: nevertheless the lords favor thee not.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore now     
return, and go in peace, that thou displease not the lords of the               
Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And David said unto Achish, But what have I done? and what hast thou found in   
thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this day, that I may not go   
fight against the enemies of my lord the king?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Achish answered and said to David, I know  
that thou art good in my sight, as an angel of ELOHIYM: notwithstanding the     
princes of the Philistines have said, He shall not go up with us to the         
battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Wherefore now rise up early in the morning with thy master's servants that are  
come with thee: and as soon as ye be up early in the morning, and have light,   
depart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>So   
David and his men rose up early to depart in the morning, to return into the    
land of the Philistines. And the Philistines went up to Jezreel.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C030.htm'>1st Samuel 30</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
