<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 45 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C044.htm'>Ezekiel 44</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 45</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover, when ye shall divide by lot the land for            
inheritance, ye shall offer an oblation unto YHVH, an holy portion of the land: 
the length shall be the length of five and twenty thousand reeds, and the       
breadth shall be ten thousand. This shall be holy in all the borders thereof    
round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Of this there shall be for the sanctuary five hundred in length, with five      
hundred in breadth, square round about; and fifty cubits round about for the    
suburbs thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And of this measure shalt thou measure the length of five and twenty         
thousand, and the breadth of ten thousand: and in it shall be the sanctuary and 
the most holy place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>The holy portion of the land shall be for the priests the ministers of   
the sanctuary, which shall come near to minister unto YHVH: and it shall be a   
place for their houses, and an holy place for the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the five and twenty         
thousand of length, and the ten thousand of breadth shall also the Levites, the 
ministers of the house, have for themselves, for a possession for twenty        
chambers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
ye shall appoint the possession of the city five thousand broad, and five and   
twenty thousand long, over against the oblation of the holy portion: it shall   
be for the whole house of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>   
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And a portion shall be for the prince on the one side and 
on the other side of the oblation of the holy portion, and of the possession of 
the city, before the oblation of the holy portion, and before the possession of 
the city, from the west side westward, and from the east side eastward: and the 
length shall be over against one of the portions, from the west border unto the 
east border.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
In the land shall be his possession in Israel: and my princes shall no more     
oppress my people; and the rest of the land shall they give to the house of     
Israel according to their tribes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>   
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Let it suffice you, O princes 
of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take    
away your exactions from my people, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall have just balances, and  
a just ephah, and a just bath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4> 
11</H4></TD><TD><P>The ephah and the bath shall be of one measure, that the     
bath may contain the tenth part of an homer, and the ephah the tenth part of an 
homer: the measure thereof shall be after the homer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the shekel shall be twenty    
gerahs: twenty shekels, five and twenty shekels, fifteen shekels, shall be your 
maneh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>This  
is the oblation that ye shall offer; the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of  
wheat, and ye shall give the sixth part of an ephah of an homer of barley:</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Concerning the  
ordinance of oil, the bath of oil, ye shall offer the tenth part of a bath out  
of the cor, which is an homer of ten baths; for ten baths are an homer:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And one lamb out of  
the flock, out of two hundred, out of the fat pastures of Israel; for a meat    
offering, and for a burnt offering, and for peace offerings, to make            
reconciliation for them, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>All the people of the land shall give this   
oblation for the prince in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be the prince's part to give burnt          
offerings, and meat offerings, and drink offerings, in the feasts, and in the   
new moons, and in the sabbaths, in all solemnities of the house of Israel: he   
shall prepare the sin offering, and the meat offering, and the burnt offering,  
and the peace offerings, to make reconciliation for the house of Israel.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the  
ADONAY YHVH; In the first month, in the first day of the month, thou shalt take 
a young bullock without blemish, and cleanse the sanctuary:</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take of  
the blood of the sin offering, and put it upon the posts of the house, and upon 
the four corners of the settle of the altar, and upon the posts of the gate of  
the inner court.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And so thou shalt do the seventh day of the month for every one that     
erreth, and for him that is simple: so shall ye reconcile the house.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>In the first month,  
in the fourteenth day of the month, ye shall have the passover, a feast of      
seven days; unleavened bread shall be eaten.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And upon that day shall the prince prepare for  
himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin offering.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And seven days  
of the feast he shall prepare a burnt offering to YHVH, seven bullocks and      
seven rams without blemish daily the seven days; and a kid of the goats daily   
for a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And he shall prepare a meat offering of an ephah for a bullock, and an   
ephah for a ram, and an hin of oil for an ephah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>In the seventh month, in the      
fifteenth day of the month, shall he do the like in the feast of the seven      
days, according to the sin offering, according to the burnt offering, and       
according to the meat offering, and according to the oil.</P></TD></TR></TABLE> 
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B26C046.htm'>Ezekiel 46</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
