<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C012.htm'>Joshua 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now Joshua was old and stricken in years; and YHVH said unto him, Thou art old  
and stricken in years, and there remaineth yet very much land to be             
possessed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>    
This is the land that yet remaineth: all the borders of the Philistines, and    
all Geshuri,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
From Sihor, which is before Egypt, even unto the borders of Ekron northward,    
which is counted to the Canaanite: five lords of the Philistines; the           
Gazathites, and the Ashdothites, the Eshkalonites, the Gittites, and the        
Ekronites; also the Avites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>     
4</H4></TD><TD><P>From the south, all the land of the Canaanites, and Mearah    
that is beside the Sidonians unto Aphek, to the borders of the Amorites:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land of   
the Giblites, and all Lebanon, toward the sunrising, from Baalgad under mount   
Hermon unto the entering into Hamath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>All the inhabitants of the hill country from      
Lebanon unto Misrephothmaim, and all the Sidonians, them will I drive out from  
before the children of Israel: only divide thou it by lot unto the Israelites   
for an inheritance, as I have commanded thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore divide this land for an          
inheritance unto the nine tribes, and the half tribe of Manasseh,</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>With whom the Reubenites    
and the Gadites have received their inheritance, which Moses gave them, beyond  
Jordan eastward, even as Moses the servant of YHVH gave them;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>From Aroer, that is upon the    
bank of the river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and    
all the plain of Medeba unto Dibon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the cities of Sihon king of the Amorites, which  
reigned in Heshbon, unto the border of the children of Ammon;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gilead, and the border of 
the Geshurites and Maachathites, and all mount Hermon, and all Bashan unto      
Salcah;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>All  
the kingdom of Og in Bashan, which reigned in Ashtaroth and in Edrei, who       
remained of the remnant of the giants: for these did Moses smite, and cast them 
out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Nevertheless the children of Israel expelled not the Geshurites, nor the        
Maachathites: but the Geshurites and the Maachathites dwell among the           
Israelites until this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>     
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Only unto the tribes of Levi he gave none inheritance; the   
sacrifices of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel made by fire are their inheritance, as he  
said unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And Moses gave unto the tribe of the children of Reuben inheritance          
according to their families.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>   
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And their coast was from Aroer, that is on the bank of the   
river Arnon, and the city that is in the midst of the river, and all the plain  
by Medeba;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Heshbon, and all her cities that are in the plain; Dibon, and Bamothbaal, and   
Bethbaalmeon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Jahaza, and Kedemoth, and Mephaath,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Kirjathaim, and Sibmah, and Zarethshahar in 
the mount of the valley,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Bethpeor, and Ashdothpisgah, and Bethjeshimoth,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the cities of the 
plain, and all the kingdom of Sihon king of the Amorites, which reigned in      
Heshbon, whom Moses smote with the princes of Midian, Evi, and Rekem, and Zur,  
and Hur, and Reba, which were dukes of Sihon, dwelling in the country.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Balaam also the son  
of Beor, the soothsayer, did the children of Israel slay with the sword among   
them that were slain by them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>  
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the border of the children of Reuben was Jordan, and the 
border thereof. This was the inheritance of the children of Reuben after their  
families, the cities and the villages thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses gave inheritance unto the tribe of 
Gad, even unto the children of Gad according to their families.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And their coast was       
Jazer, and all the cities of Gilead, and half the land of the children of       
Ammon, unto Aroer that is before Rabbah;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And from Heshbon unto Ramathmizpeh, and         
Betonim; and from Mahanaim unto the border of Debir;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the valley, Betharam, and  
Bethnimrah, and Succoth, and Zaphon, the rest of the kingdom of Sihon king of   
Heshbon, Jordan and his border, even unto the edge of the sea of Chinnereth on  
the other side Jordan eastward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>
28</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the inheritance of the children of Gad after their   
families, the cities, and their villages.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses gave inheritance unto the half tribe  
of Manasseh: and this was the possession of the half tribe of the children of   
Manasseh by their families.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>    
30</H4></TD><TD><P>And their coast was from Mahanaim, all Bashan, all the       
kingdom of Og king of Bashan, and all the towns of Jair, which are in Bashan,   
threescore cities:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And half Gilead, and Ashtaroth, and Edrei, cities of the kingdom of Og   
in Bashan, were pertaining unto the children of Machir the son of Manasseh,     
even to the one half of the children of Machir by their families.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the countries   
which Moses did distribute for inheritance in the plains of Moab, on the other  
side Jordan, by Jericho, eastward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33> 
<H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>But unto the tribe of Levi Moses gave not any            
inheritance: YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel was their inheritance, as he said unto      
them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B06C014.htm'>Joshua 14</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
