<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C019.htm'>Jeremiah 19</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Pashur the son of Immer the 
priest, who was also chief governor in the house of YHVH, heard that Jeremiah   
prophesied these things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Then Pashur smote Jeremiah the prophet, and put him in the stocks   
that were in the high gate of Benjamin, which was by the house of YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on 
the morrow, that Pashur brought forth Jeremiah out of the stocks. Then said     
Jeremiah unto him, YHVH hath not called thy name Pashur, but Magormissabib.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith    
YHVH, Behold, I will make thee a terror to thyself, and to all thy friends: and 
they shall fall by the sword of their enemies, and thine eyes shall behold it:  
and I will give all Judah into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall    
carry them captive into Babylon, and shall slay them with the sword.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I will        
deliver all the strength of this city, and all the labours thereof, and all the 
precious things thereof, and all the treasures of the kings of Judah will I     
give into the hand of their enemies, which shall spoil them, and take them, and 
carry them to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And thou, Pashur, and all that dwell in thine house shall go into   
captivity: and thou shalt come to Babylon, and there thou shalt die, and shalt  
be buried there, thou, and all thy friends, to whom thou hast prophesied        
lies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>O YHVH,  
thou hast deceived me, and I was deceived; thou art stronger than I, and hast   
prevailed: I am in derision daily, every one mocketh me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For since I spake, I cried out, I   
cried violence and spoil; because the word of YHVH was made a reproach unto me, 
and a derision, daily.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak any more in  
his name. But his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, 
and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For I heard the defaming of many, 
fear on every side. Report, say they, and we will report it. All my familiars   
watched for my halting, saying, Peradventure he will be enticed, and we shall   
prevail against him, and we shall take our revenge on him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH is with me as a mighty   
terrible one: therefore my persecutors shall stumble, and they shall not        
prevail: they shall be greatly ashamed; for they shall not prosper: their       
everlasting confusion shall never be forgotten.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But, O YHVH of hosts, that triest the        
righteous, and seest the reins and the heart, let me see thy vengeance on them: 
for unto thee have I opened my cause.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Sing unto YHVH, praise ye YHVH: for he hath     
delivered the soul of the poor from the hand of evildoers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Cursed be the day wherein I was   
born: let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Cursed be the man who brought 
tidings to my father, saying, A man child is born unto thee; making him very    
glad.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
let that man be as the cities which YHVH overthrew, and repented not: and let   
him hear the cry in the morning, and the shouting at noontide;</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Because he slew me not from   
the womb; or that my mother might have been my grave, and her womb to be always 
great with me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Wherefore came I forth out of the womb to see labour and sorrow, that my     
days should be consumed with shame?</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is   
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C021.htm'>Jeremiah 21</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
