<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 15 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C014.htm'>Judges 14</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
15</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But it came to pass within a while after, in the time of wheat harvest, that    
Samson visited his wife with a kid; and he said, I will go in to my wife into   
the chamber. But her father would not suffer him to go in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And her father said, I verily       
thought that thou hadst utterly hated her; therefore I gave her to thy          
companion: is not her younger sister fairer than she? take her, I pray thee,    
instead of her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Samson said concerning them, Now shall I be more blameless than the      
Philistines, though I do them a displeasure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson went and caught three hundred foxes,   
and took firebrands, and turned tail to tail, and put a firebrand in the midst  
between two tails.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when he had set the brands on fire, he let them go into the standing 
corn of the Philistines, and burnt up both the shocks, and also the standing    
corn, with the vineyards and olives.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the Philistines said, Who hath done this? And they   
answered, Samson, the son in law of the Timnite, because he had taken his wife, 
and given her to his companion. And the Philistines came up, and burnt her and  
her father with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And Samson said unto them, Though ye have done this, yet will I be       
avenged of you, and after that I will cease.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he smote them hip and thigh with a great      
slaughter: and he went down and dwelt in the top of the rock Etam.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the Philistines went   
up, and pitched in Judah, and spread themselves in Lehi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Judah said, Why    
are ye come up against us? And they answered, To bind Samson are we come up, to 
do to him as he hath done to us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>   
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then three thousand men of Judah went to the top of the  
rock Etam, and said to Samson, Knowest thou not that the Philistines are rulers 
over us? what is this that thou hast done unto us? And he said unto them, As    
they did unto me, so have I done unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto him, We are come down to     
bind thee, that we may deliver thee into the hand of the Philistines. And       
Samson said unto them, Swear unto me, that ye will not fall upon me             
yourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And they spake unto him, saying, No; but we will bind thee fast, and deliver    
thee into their hand: but surely we will not kill thee. And they bound him with 
two new cords, and brought him up from the rock.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he came unto Lehi, the   
Philistines shouted against him: and the Spirit of YHVH came mightily upon him, 
and the cords that were upon his arms became as flax that was burnt with fire,  
and his bands loosed from off his hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he found a new jawbone of an ass, and put   
forth his hand, and took it, and slew a thousand men therewith.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson said, With the 
jawbone of an ass, heaps upon heaps, with the jaw of an ass have I slain a      
thousand men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And it came to pass, when he had made an end of speaking, that he cast away  
the jawbone out of his hand, and called that place Ramathlehi.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was sore athirst, and  
called on YHVH, and said, Thou hast given this great deliverance into the hand  
of thy servant: and now shall I die for thirst, and fall into the hand of the   
uncircumcised?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But ELOHIYM clave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water  
thereout; and when he had drunk, his spirit came again, and he revived:         
wherefore he called the name thereof Enhakkore, which is in Lehi unto this      
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
judged Israel in the days of the Philistines twenty years.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B07C016.htm'>Judges 16</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
