<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C001.htm'>2nd Kings 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And it came to pass, when YHVH would take up Elijah into heaven by a     
whirlwind, that Elijah went with Elisha from Gilgal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah said unto Elisha, Tarry  
here, I pray thee; for YHVH hath sent me to Bethel. And Elisha said unto him,   
As YHVH liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they went     
down to Bethel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the sons of the prophets that were at Bethel came forth to Elisha, and   
said unto him, Knowest thou that YHVH will take away thy master from thy head   
to day? And he said, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah said unto him, Elisha,   
tarry here, I pray thee; for YHVH hath sent me to Jericho. And he said, As YHVH 
liveth, and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. So they came to          
Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the sons of the prophets that were at Jericho came to Elisha, and said unto     
him, Knowest thou that YHVH will take away thy master from thy head to day? And 
he answered, Yea, I know it; hold ye your peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elijah said unto him, Tarry, I  
pray thee, here; for YHVH hath sent me to Jordan. And he said, As YHVH liveth,  
and as thy soul liveth, I will not leave thee. And they two went on.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And fifty men of the   
sons of the prophets went, and stood to view afar off: and they two stood by    
Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Elijah took his mantle, and wrapped it together, and smote the waters, and they 
were divided hither and thither, so that they two went over on dry ground.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to    
pass, when they were gone over, that Elijah said unto Elisha, Ask what I shall  
do for thee, before I be taken away from thee. And Elisha said, I pray thee,    
let a double portion of thy spirit be upon me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Thou hast asked a hard thing:   
nevertheless, if thou see me when I am taken from thee, it shall be so unto     
thee; but if not, it shall not be so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as they still went on, and 
talked, that, behold, there appeared a chariot of fire, and horses of fire, and 
parted them both asunder; and Elijah went up by a whirlwind into heaven.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha saw  
it, and he cried, My father, my father, the chariot of Israel, and the horsemen 
thereof. And he saw him no more: and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent  
them in two pieces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>
<TD><P>He took up also the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and went back,  
and stood by the bank of Jordan;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>   
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took the mantle of Elijah that fell from him, and 
smote the waters, and said, Where is YHVH ELOHIYM of Elijah? and when he also   
had smitten the waters, they parted hither and thither: and Elisha went         
over.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when the sons of the prophets which were to view at Jericho saw him, they said, 
The spirit of Elijah doth rest on Elisha. And they came to meet him, and bowed  
themselves to the ground before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto him, Behold now, there be    
with thy servants fifty strong men; let them go, we pray thee, and seek thy     
master: lest peradventure the Spirit of YHVH hath taken him up, and cast him    
upon some mountain, or into some valley. And he said, Ye shall not send.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they   
urged him till he was ashamed, he said, Send. They sent therefore fifty men;    
and they sought three days, but found him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they came again to him, (for he     
tarried at Jericho,) he said unto them, Did I not say unto you, Go not?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of the   
city said unto Elisha, Behold, I pray thee, the situation of this city is       
pleasant, as my lord seeth: but the water is naught, and the ground barren.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said,    
Bring me a new cruse, and put salt therein. And they brought it to him.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went forth    
unto the spring of the waters, and cast the salt in there, and said, Thus saith 
YHVH, I have healed these waters; there shall not be from thence any more death 
or barren land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>
<P>So the waters were healed unto this day, according to the saying of Elisha   
which he spake.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he went up from thence unto Bethel: and as he was going up by the way,   
there came forth little children out of the city, and mocked him, and said unto 
him, Go up, thou bald head; go up, thou bald head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he turned back, and looked on 
them, and cursed them in the name of YHVH. And there came forth two she bears   
out of the wood, and tare forty and two children of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went from thence to mount  
Carmel, and from thence he returned to Samaria.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This   
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B12C003.htm'>2nd Kings 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
