<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C004.htm'>2nd Kings 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now Naaman, captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man    
with his master, and honorable, because by him YHVH had given deliverance unto  
Syria: he was also a mighty man in valor, but he was a leper.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Syrians had gone out by 
companies, and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little      
maid; and she waited on Naaman's wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto her mistress, Would my lord     
were with the prophet that is in Samaria! for he would recover him of his       
leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
one went in, and told his lord, saying, Thus and thus said the maid that is of  
the land of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the king of Syria said, Go to, go, and I will send a letter unto the 
king of Israel. And he departed, and took with him ten talents of silver, and   
six thousand pieces of gold, and ten changes of raiment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought the letter to the    
king of Israel, saying, Now when this letter is come unto thee, behold, I have  
therewith sent Naaman my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his   
leprosy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
it came to pass, when the king of Israel had read the letter, that he rent his  
clothes, and said, Am I ELOHIYM, to kill and to make alive, that this man doth  
send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy? wherefore consider, I pray you,   
and see how he seeketh a quarrel against me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so, when Elisha the man of ELOHIYM had 
heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king,   
saying, Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes? let him come now to me, and he    
shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So Naaman came with his horses and with his    
chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha sent a messenger unto  
him, saying, Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again  
to thee, and thou shalt be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>  
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But Naaman was wroth, and went away, and said, Behold, I 
thought, He will surely come out to me, and stand, and call on the name of YHVH 
his ELOHIYM, and strike his hand over the place, and recover the leper.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Are not Abana and    
Pharpar, rivers of Damascus, better than all the waters of Israel? may I not    
wash in them, and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And his servants came     
near, and spake unto him, and said, My father, if the prophet had bid thee do   
some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it? how much rather then, when he 
saith to thee, Wash, and be clean?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14> 
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went he down, and dipped himself seven times in     
Jordan, according to the saying of the man of ELOHIYM: and his flesh came again 
like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he returned to the man of     
ELOHIYM, he and all his company, and came, and stood before him: and he said,   
Behold, now I know that there is no ELOHIYM in all the earth, but in Israel:    
now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But he said, As YHVH liveth,  
before whom I stand, I will receive none. And he urged him to take it; but he   
refused.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Naaman said, Shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to thy servant two     
mules' burden of earth? for thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt     
offering nor sacrifice unto other gods, but unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>In this thing YHVH pardon thy     
servant, that when my master goeth into the house of Rimmon to worship there,   
and he leaneth on my hand, and I bow myself in the house of Rimmon: when I bow  
down myself in the house of Rimmon, YHVH pardon thy servant in this thing.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said     
unto him, Go in peace. So he departed from him a little way.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Gehazi, the servant of    
Elisha the man of ELOHIYM, said, Behold, my master hath spared Naaman this      
Syrian, in not receiving at his hands that which he brought: but, as YHVH       
liveth, I will run after him, and take somewhat of him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>So Gehazi followed after Naaman.  
And when Naaman saw him running after him, he lighted down from the chariot to  
meet him, and said, Is all well?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22>   
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, All is well. My master hath sent me,        
saying, Behold, even now there be come to me from mount Ephraim two young men   
of the sons of the prophets: give them, I pray thee, a talent of silver, and    
two changes of garments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Naaman said, Be content, take two talents. And he urged him,    
and bound two talents of silver in two bags, with two changes of garments, and  
laid them upon two of his servants; and they bare them before him.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he came to the   
tower, he took them from their hand, and bestowed them in the house: and he let 
the men go, and they departed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4> 
25</H4></TD><TD><P>But he went in, and stood before his master. And Elisha said 
unto him, Whence comest thou, Gehazi? And he said, Thy servant went no          
whither.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he said unto him, Went not mine heart with thee, when the man turned again from 
his chariot to meet thee? Is it a time to receive money, and to receive         
garments, and oliveyards, and vineyards, and sheep, and oxen, and menservants,  
and maidservants?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>The leprosy therefore of Naaman shall cleave unto thee, and unto thy     
seed for ever. And he went out from his presence a leper as white as snow.</P>  
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C006.htm'>2nd Kings 6</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
