<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C017.htm'>2nd Chronicles 17</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Jehoshaphat had riches and  
honor in abundance, and joined affinity with Ahab.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And after certain years he went     
down to Ahab to Samaria. And Ahab killed sheep and oxen for him in abundance,   
and for the people that he had with him, and persuaded him to go up with him to 
Ramothgilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Ahab king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat king of Judah, Wilt thou go with  
me to Ramothgilead? And he answered him, I am as thou art, and my people as thy 
people; and we will be with thee in the war.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel,     
Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of YHVH to day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the king of Israel        
gathered together of prophets four hundred men, and said unto them, Shall we go 
to Ramothgilead to battle, or shall I forbear? And they said, Go up; for        
ELOHIYM will deliver it into the king's hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a      
prophet of YHVH besides, that we might enquire of him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said unto    
Jehoshaphat, There is yet one man, by whom we may enquire of YHVH: but I hate   
him; for he never prophesied good unto me, but always evil: the same is Micaiah 
the son of Imla. And Jehoshaphat said, Let not the king say so.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel      
called for one of his officers, and said, Fetch quickly Micaiah the son of      
Imla.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
king of Israel and Jehoshaphat king of Judah sat either of them on his throne,  
clothed in their robes, and they sat in a void place at the entering in of the  
gate of Samaria; and all the prophets prophesied before them.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zedekiah the son of       
Chenaanah had made him horns of iron, and said, Thus saith YHVH, With these     
thou shalt push Syria until they be consumed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the prophets prophesied so, saying,  
Go up to Ramothgilead, and prosper: for YHVH shall deliver it into the hand of  
the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the messenger that went to call Micaiah spake to him, saying, Behold, the   
words of the prophets declare good to the king with one assent; let thy word    
therefore, I pray thee, be like one of theirs, and speak thou good.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Micaiah said, As 
YHVH liveth, even what my ELOHIYM saith, that will I speak.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he was come to the   
king, the king said unto him, Micaiah, shall we go to Ramothgilead to battle,   
or shall I forbear? And he said, Go ye up, and prosper, and they shall be       
delivered into your hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>      
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said to him, How many times shall I adjure thee 
that thou say nothing but the truth to me in the name of YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he said, I did see all   
Israel scattered upon the mountains, as sheep that have no shepherd: and YHVH   
said, These have no master; let them return therefore every man to his house in 
peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Did I not tell thee that he would not   
prophesy good unto me, but evil?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>   
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Again he said, Therefore hear the word of YHVH; I saw    
YHVH sitting upon his throne, and all the host of heaven standing on his right  
hand and on his left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH said, Who shall entice Ahab king of Israel, that he may go 
up and fall at Ramothgilead? And one spake saying after this manner, and        
another saying after that manner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>  
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then there came out a spirit, and stood before YHVH, and 
said, I will entice him. And YHVH said unto him, Wherewith?</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, I will go out,   
and be a lying spirit in the mouth of all his prophets. And said, Thou shalt    
entice him, and thou shalt also prevail: go out, and do even so.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, behold,    
YHVH hath put a lying spirit in the mouth of these thy prophets, and YHVH hath  
spoken evil against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>      
23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah came near, and smote      
Micaiah upon the cheek, and said, Which way went the Spirit of YHVH from me to  
speak unto thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And Micaiah said, Behold, thou shalt see on that day when thou shalt go  
into an inner chamber to hide thyself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king of Israel said, Take ye Micaiah,  
and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's    
son;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and feed him with      
bread of affliction and with water of affliction, until I return in peace.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Micaiah     
said, If thou certainly return in peace, then hath not YHVH spoken by me. And   
he said, Hearken, all ye people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28>   
<H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat the king of Judah  
went up to Ramothgilead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said unto Jehoshaphat, I will disguise       
myself, and I will go to the battle; but put thou on thy robes. So the king of  
Israel disguised himself; and they went to the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the king of Syria had         
commanded the captains of the chariots that were with him, saying, Fight ye not 
with small or great, save only with the king of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the     
captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of     
Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, 
and YHVH helped him; and ELOHIYM moved them to depart from him.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>For it came to pass,      
that, when the captains of the chariots perceived that it was not the king of   
Israel, they turned back again from pursuing him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And a certain man drew a bow at a 
venture, and smote the king of Israel between the joints of the harness:        
therefore he said to his chariot man, Turn thine hand, that thou mayest carry   
me out of the host; for I am wounded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And the battle increased that day: howbeit the  
king of Israel stayed himself up in his chariot against the Syrians until the   
even: and about the time of the sun going down he died.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>   
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B14C019.htm'>2nd Chronicles 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
