<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 17 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C016.htm'>Leviticus 16</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto Aaron, and unto his sons, and unto all the children of Israel, and say     
unto them; This is the thing which YHVH hath commanded, saying,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>What man soever there be of 
the house of Israel, that killeth an ox, or lamb, or goat, in the camp, or that 
killeth it out of the camp,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>     
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And bringeth it not unto the door of the tabernacle of the    
congregation, to offer an offering unto YHVH before the tabernacle of YHVH;     
blood shall be imputed unto that man; he hath shed blood; and that man shall be 
cut off from among his people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>To the end that the children of Israel may bring their        
sacrifices, which they offer in the open field, even that they may bring them   
unto YHVH, unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, unto the        
priest, and offer them for peace offerings unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall sprinkle the   
blood upon the altar of YHVH at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, 
and burn the fat for a sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall no more offer their sacrifices  
unto devils, after whom they have gone a whoring. This shall be a statute for   
ever unto them throughout their generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt say unto them, Whatsoever man      
there be of the house of Israel, or of the strangers which sojourn among you,   
that offereth a burnt offering or sacrifice,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And bringeth it not unto the door of the          
tabernacle of the congregation, to offer it unto YHVH; even that man shall be   
cut off from among his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And whatsoever man there be of the house of Israel, or of    
the strangers that sojourn among you, that eateth any manner of blood; I will   
even set my face against that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him off from 
among his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>For the life of the flesh is in the blood: and I have given it to you    
upon the altar to make an atonement for your souls: for it is the blood that    
maketh an atonement for the soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>  
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I said unto the children of Israel, No soul of 
you shall eat blood, neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat   
blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
whatsoever man there be of the children of Israel, or of the strangers that     
sojourn among you, which hunteth and catcheth any beast or fowl that may be     
eaten; he shall even pour out the blood thereof, and cover it with dust.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For it is the   
life of all flesh; the blood of it is for the life thereof: therefore I said    
unto the children of Israel, Ye shall eat the blood of no manner of flesh: for  
the life of all flesh is the blood thereof: whosoever eateth it shall be cut    
off.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
every soul that eateth that which died of itself, or that which was torn with   
beasts, whether it be one of your own country, or a stranger, he shall both     
wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even:    
then shall he be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear    
his iniquity.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John  
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C018.htm'>Leviticus 18</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
