<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James    
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C002.htm'>1st Kings 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First     
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Solomon made affinity with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's 
daughter, and brought her into the city of David, until he had made an end of   
building his own house, and the house of YHVH, and the wall of Jerusalem round  
about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Only    
the people sacrificed in high places, because there was no house built unto the 
name of YHVH, until those days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4> 
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon loved YHVH, walking in the statutes of David his  
father: only he sacrificed and burnt incense in high places.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king went to Gibeon to  
sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand burnt offerings  
did Solomon offer upon that altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>  
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>In Gibeon YHVH appeared to Solomon in a dream by night:   
and ELOHIYM said, Ask what I shall give thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon said, Thou hast showed unto thy    
servant David my father great mercy, according as he walked before thee in      
truth, and in righteousness, and in uprightness of heart with thee; and thou    
hast kept for him this great kindness, that thou hast given him a son to sit on 
his throne, as it is this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, O YHVH my ELOHIYM, thou hast made thy servant king   
instead of David my father: and I am but a little child: I know not how to go   
out or come in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And thy servant is in the midst of thy people which thou hast chosen, a      
great people, that cannot be numbered nor counted for multitude.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Give therefore thy servant  
an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and 
bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the speech pleased the        
ADONAY, that Solomon had asked this thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And ELOHIYM said unto him, Because thou hast    
asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; neither hast asked  
riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked    
for thyself understanding to discern judgment;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have done according to thy words:  
lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; so that there was none 
like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I have also 
given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honor: so that      
there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou wilt     
walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David   
did walk, then I will lengthen thy days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. 
And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the ark of the covenant of YHVH, and 
offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to    
all his servants.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then came there two women, that were harlots, unto the king, and stood   
before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the one woman said, O my lord, I and this woman dwell in one house; and I   
was delivered of a child with her in the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass the third day after that 
I was delivered, that this woman was delivered also: and we were together;      
there was no stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And this woman's     
child died in the night; because she overlaid it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And she arose at midnight, and    
took my son from beside me, while thine handmaid slept, and laid it in her      
bosom, and laid her dead child in my bosom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And when I rose in the morning to give my child 
suck, behold, it was dead: but when I had considered it in the morning, behold, 
it was not my son, which I did bear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the other woman said, Nay; but the living   
is my son, and the dead is thy son. And this said, No; but the dead is thy son, 
and the living is my son. Thus they spake before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said the king, The one       
saith, This is my son that liveth, and thy son is the dead: and the other       
saith, Nay; but thy son is the dead, and my son is the living.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said, Bring me a 
sword. And they brought a sword before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said, Divide the     
living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then spake the woman 
whose the living child was unto the king, for her bowels yearned upon her son,  
and she said, O my lord, give her the living child, and in no wise slay it. But 
the other said, Let it be neither mine nor thine, but divide it.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king answered    
and said, Give her the living child, and in no wise slay it: she is the mother  
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged; and they feared the 
king: for they saw that the wisdom of ELOHIYM was in him, to do judgment.</P>   
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C004.htm'>1st Kings 4</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
