<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King James 
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B27C007.htm'>Daniel 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the  
Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>In the third year of the reign of king Belshazzar a vision appeared unto 
me, even unto me Daniel, after that which appeared unto me at the first.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw in a    
vision; and it came to pass, when I saw, that I was at Shushan in the palace,   
which is in the province of Elam; and I saw in a vision, and I was by the river 
of Ulai.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
I lifted up mine eyes, and saw, and, behold, there stood before the river a ram 
which had two horns: and the two horns were high; but one was higher than the   
other, and the higher came up last.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4> 
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>I saw the ram pushing westward, and northward, and        
southward; so that no beasts might stand before him, neither was there any that 
could deliver out of his hand; but he did according to his will, and became     
great.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And as  
I was considering, behold, an he goat came from the west on the face of the     
whole earth, and touched not the ground: and the goat had a notable horn        
between his eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he came to the ram that had two horns, which I had seen standing before  
the river, and ran unto him in the fury of his power.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw him come close unto the   
ram, and he was moved with choler against him, and smote the ram, and brake his 
two horns: and there was no power in the ram to stand before him, but he cast   
him down to the ground, and stamped upon him: and there was none that could     
deliver the ram out of his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore the he goat waxed very great: and when he was       
strong, the great horn was broken; and for it came up four notable ones toward  
the four winds of heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And out of one of them came forth a little horn, which waxed        
exceeding great, toward the south, and toward the east, and toward the pleasant 
land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
waxed great, even to the host of heaven; and it cast down some of the host and  
of the stars to the ground, and stamped upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, he magnified himself even to 
the prince of the host, and by him the daily sacrifice was taken away, and the  
place of the sanctuary was cast down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And an host was given him against the daily     
sacrifice by reason of transgression, and it cast down the truth to the ground; 
and it practised, and prospered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>   
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I heard one saint speaking, and another saint said  
unto that certain saint which spake, How long shall be the vision concerning    
the daily sacrifice, and the transgression of desolation, to give both the      
sanctuary and the host to be trodden under foot?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto me, Unto two     
thousand and three hundred days; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, 
when I, even I Daniel, had seen the vision, and sought for the meaning, then,   
behold, there stood before me as the appearance of a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And I heard a man's voice between 
the banks of Ulai, which called, and said, Gabriel, make this man to understand 
the vision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P> 
So he came near where I stood: and when he came, I was afraid, and fell upon my 
face: but he said unto me, Understand, O son of man: for at the time of the end 
shall be the vision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now as he was speaking with me, I was in a deep sleep on my face    
toward the ground: but he touched me, and set me upright.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Behold, I will make  
thee know what shall be in the last end of the indignation: for at the time     
appointed the end shall be.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>    
20</H4></TD><TD><P>The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of  
Media and Persia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the rough goat is the king of Grecia: and the great horn that is     
between his eyes is the first king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22>
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Now that being broken, whereas four stood up for it,     
four kingdoms shall stand up out of the nation, but not in his power.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the latter    
time of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of   
fierce countenance, and understanding dark sentences, shall stand up.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And his power shall  
be mighty, but not by his own power: and he shall destroy wonderfully, and      
shall prosper, and practise, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy          
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand; and he     
shall magnify himself in his heart, and by peace shall destroy many: he shall   
also stand up against the Prince of princes; but he shall be broken without     
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the vision of the evening and the morning which was told is true: wherefore     
shut thou up the vision; for it shall be for many days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And I Daniel fainted, and was     
sick certain days; afterward I rose up, and did the king's business; and I was  
astonished at the vision, but none understood it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This 
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B27C009.htm'>Daniel 9</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
