<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C022.htm'>1st Samuel 22</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then they told David, saying, Behold, the Philistines fight against      
Keilah, and they rob the threshingfloors.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore David inquired of YHVH, saying, Shall I 
go and smite these Philistines? And YHVH said unto David, Go, and smite the     
Philistines, and save Keilah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>   
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And David's men said unto him, Behold, we be afraid here in   
Judah: how much more then if we come to Keilah against the armies of the        
Philistines?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then David inquired of YHVH yet again. And YHVH answered him and said, Arise,   
go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into thine hand.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>So David and his men   
went to Keilah, and fought with the Philistines, and brought away their cattle, 
and smote them with a great slaughter. So David saved the inhabitants of        
Keilah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
came to pass, when Abiathar the son of Ahimelech fled to David to Keilah, that  
he came down with an ephod in his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told Saul that David was come to       
Keilah. And Saul said, ELOHIYM hath delivered him into mine hand; for he is     
shut in, by entering into a town that hath gates and bars.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul called all the people      
together to war, to go down to Keilah, to besiege David and his men.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And David knew that    
Saul secretly practiced mischief against him; and he said to Abiathar the       
priest, Bring hither the ephod.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>
10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said David, O YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, thy servant hath  
certainly heard that Saul seeketh to come to Keilah, to destroy the city for my 
sake.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Will   
the men of Keilah deliver me up into his hand? will Saul come down, as thy      
servant hath heard? O YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, I beseech thee, tell thy servant. 
And YHVH said, He will come down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>  
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said David, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and   
my men into the hand of Saul? And YHVH said, They will deliver thee up.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David and his   
men, which were about six hundred, arose and departed out of Keilah, and went   
whithersoever they could go. And it was told Saul that David was escaped from   
Keilah; and he forbare to go forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And David abode in the wilderness in strong holds, and   
remained in a mountain in the wilderness of Ziph. And Saul sought him every     
day, but ELOHIYM delivered him not into his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And David saw that Saul was come  
out to seek his life: and David was in the wilderness of Ziph in a wood.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonathan    
Saul's son arose, and went to David into the wood, and strengthened his hand in 
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he said unto him, Fear not: for the hand of Saul my father shall not find thee; 
and thou shalt be king over Israel, and I shall be next unto thee; and that     
also Saul my father knoweth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And they two made a covenant before YHVH: and David abode in 
the wood, and Jonathan went to his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came up the Ziphites to Saul to Gibeah,    
saying, Doth not David hide himself with us in strong holds in the wood, in the 
hill of Hachilah, which is on the south of Jeshimon?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, O king, come down  
according to all the desire of thy soul to come down; and our part shall be to  
deliver him into the king's hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>  
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Blessed be ye of YHVH; for ye have        
compassion on me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Go, I pray you, prepare yet, and know and see his place where his haunt  
is, and who hath seen him there: for it is told me that he dealeth very         
subtilly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>   
See therefore, and take knowledge of all the lurking places where he hideth     
himself, and come ye again to me with the certainty, and I will go with you:    
and it shall come to pass, if he be in the land, that I will search him out     
throughout all the thousands of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they arose, and went to Ziph before Saul:   
but David and his men were in the wilderness of Maon, in the plain on the south 
of Jeshimon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>
Saul also and his men went to seek him. And they told David; wherefore he came  
down into a rock, and abode in the wilderness of Maon. And when Saul heard      
that, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul went on this side of the 
mountain, and David and his men on that side of the mountain: and David made    
haste to get away for fear of Saul; for Saul and his men compassed David and    
his men round about to take them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27>  
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But there came a messenger unto Saul, saying, Haste      
thee, and come; for the Philistines have invaded the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore Saul returned from      
pursuing after David, and went against the Philistines: therefore they called   
that place Selahammahlekoth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>   
29</H4></TD><TD><P>And David went up from thence, and dwelt in strong holds at  
Engedi.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C024.htm'>1st Samuel 24</A>   
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
