<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ezra, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C002.htm'>Ezra 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of        
Ezra</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 3</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And when 
the seventh month was come, and the children of Israel were in the cities, the  
people gathered themselves together as one man to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then stood up Jeshua the son of 
Jozadak, and his brethren the priests, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and 
his brethren, and builded the altar of the ELOHIYM of Israel, to offer burnt    
offerings thereon, as it is written in the law of Moses the man of ELOHIYM.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they set the  
altar upon his bases; for fear was upon them because of the people of those     
countries: and they offered burnt offerings thereon unto YHVH, even burnt       
offerings morning and evening.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>  
4</H4></TD><TD><P>They kept also the feast of tabernacles, as it is written,    
and offered the daily burnt offerings by number, according to the custom, as    
the duty of every day required;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And afterward offered the continual burnt offering, both of   
the new moons, and of all the set feasts of YHVH that were consecrated, and of  
every one that willingly offered a freewill offering unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>From the first day of the   
seventh month began they to offer burnt offerings unto YHVH. But the foundation 
of the temple of YHVH was not yet laid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>They gave money also unto the masons, and to the  
carpenters; and meat, and drink, and oil, unto them of Zidon, and to them of    
Tyre, to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Joppa, according to the   
grant that they had of Cyrus king of Persia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Now in the second year of their coming unto the   
house of ELOHIYM at Jerusalem, in the second month, began Zerubbabel the son of 
Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the remnant of their brethren the 
priests and the Levites, and all they that were come out of the captivity unto  
Jerusalem; and appointed the Levites, from twenty years old and upward, to set  
forward the work of the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then stood Jeshua with his sons and his brethren, 
Kadmiel and his sons, the sons of Judah, together, to set forward the workmen   
in the house of ELOHIYM: the sons of Henadad, with their sons and their         
brethren the Levites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And when the builders laid the foundation of the temple of YHVH,    
they set the priests in their apparel with trumpets, and the Levites the sons   
of Asaph with cymbals, to praise YHVH, after the ordinance of David king of     
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they sang together by course in praising and giving thanks unto YHVH; because   
he is good, for his mercy endureth for ever toward Israel. And all the people   
shouted with a great shout, when they praised YHVH, because the foundation of   
the house of YHVH was laid.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>But many of the priests and Levites and chief of the         
fathers, who were ancient men, that had seen the first house, when the          
foundation of this house was laid before their eyes, wept with a loud voice;    
and many shouted aloud for joy:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>So that the people could not discern the noise of the shout  
of joy from the noise of the weeping of the people: for the people shouted with 
a loud shout, and the noise was heard afar off.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This   
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B15C004.htm'>Ezra 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
