<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 31 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C030.htm'>Ezekiel 30</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 31</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the eleventh year, in the third month, 
in the first day of the month, that the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, speak 
unto Pharaoh king of Egypt, and to his multitude; Whom art thou like in thy     
greatness?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Behold, the Assyrian was a cedar in Lebanon with fair branches, and with a      
shadowing shroud, and of an high stature; and his top was among the thick       
boughs.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>The    
waters made him great, the deep set him up on high with her rivers running      
round about his plants, and sent her little rivers unto all the trees of the    
field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Therefore his height was exalted above all the trees of the field, and his      
boughs were multiplied, and his branches became long because of the multitude   
of waters, when he shot forth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>  
6</H4></TD><TD><P>All the fowls of heaven made their nests in his boughs, and   
under his branches did all the beasts of the field bring forth their young, and 
under his shadow dwelt all great nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus was he fair in his greatness, in the length  
of his branches: for his root was by great waters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The cedars in the garden of ELOHIYM 
could not hide him: the fir trees were not like his boughs, and the chestnut    
trees were not like his branches; nor any tree in the garden of ELOHIYM was     
like unto him in his beauty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>    
9</H4></TD><TD><P>I have made him fair by the multitude of his branches: so     
that all the trees of Eden, that were in the garden of ELOHIYM, envied him.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus  
saith the ADONAY YHVH; Because thou hast lifted up thyself in height, and he    
hath shot up his top among the thick boughs, and his heart is lifted up in his  
height;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>I    
have therefore delivered him into the hand of the mighty one of the heathen; he 
shall surely deal with him: I have driven him out for his wickedness.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And strangers, the   
terrible of the nations, have cut him off, and have left him: upon the          
mountains and in all the valleys his branches are fallen, and his boughs are    
broken by all the rivers of the land; and all the people of the earth are gone  
down from his shadow, and have left him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Upon his ruin shall all the fowls of the heaven 
remain, and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches:</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>To the end that none 
of all the trees by the waters exalt themselves for their height, neither shoot 
up their top among the thick boughs, neither their trees stand up in their      
height, all that drink water: for they are all delivered unto death, to the     
nether parts of the earth, in the midst of the children of men, with them that  
go down to the pit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; In the day when he went down to the grave I  
caused a mourning: I covered the deep for him, and I restrained the floods      
thereof, and the great waters were stayed: and I caused Lebanon to mourn for    
him, and all the trees of the field fainted for him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>I made the nations to shake at    
the sound of his fall, when I cast him down to hell with them that descend into 
the pit: and all the trees of Eden, the choice and best of Lebanon, all that    
drink water, shall be comforted in the nether parts of the earth.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>They also went down into  
hell with him unto them that be slain with the sword; and they that were his    
arm, that dwelt under his shadow in the midst of the heathen.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>To whom art thou thus like in 
glory and in greatness among the trees of Eden? yet shalt thou be brought down  
with the trees of Eden unto the nether parts of the earth: thou shalt lie in    
the midst of the uncircumcised with them that be slain by the sword. This is    
Pharaoh and all his multitude, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B26C032.htm'>Ezekiel 32</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
