<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 38 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C037.htm'>Jeremiah 37</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 38</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Shephatiah the son of      
Mattan, and Gedaliah the son of Pashur, and Jucal the son of Shelemiah, and     
Pashur the son of Malchiah, heard the words that Jeremiah had spoken unto all   
the people, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, He that remaineth in this city shall die by the sword,  
by the famine, and by the pestilence: but he that goeth forth to the Chaldeans  
shall live; for he shall have his life for a prey, and shall live.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, This city  
shall surely be given into the hand of the king of Babylon's army, which shall  
take it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Therefore the princes said unto the king, We beseech thee, let this man be put  
to death: for thus he weakeneth the hands of the men of war that remain in this 
city, and the hands of all the people, in speaking such words unto them: for    
this man seeketh not the welfare of this people, but the hurt.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zedekiah the king said,    
Behold, he is in your hand: for the king is not he that can do any thing        
against you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then took they Jeremiah, and cast him into the dungeon of Malchiah the son of   
Hammelech, that was in the court of the prison: and they let down Jeremiah with 
cords. And in the dungeon there was no water, but mire: so Jeremiah sunk in the 
mire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when 
Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, one of the eunuchs which was in the king's house,     
heard that they had put Jeremiah in the dungeon; the king then sitting in the   
gate of Benjamin;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Ebedmelech went forth out of the king's house, and spake to the king         
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>My     
lord the king, these men have done evil in all that they have done to Jeremiah  
the prophet, whom they have cast into the dungeon; and he is like to die for    
hunger in the place where he is: for there is no more bread in the city.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king   
commanded Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, saying, Take from hence thirty men with     
thee, and take up Jeremiah the prophet out of the dungeon, before he die.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>So Ebedmelech   
took the men with him, and went into the house of the king under the treasury,  
and took thence old cast clouts and old rotten rags, and let them down by cords 
into the dungeon to Jeremiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>  
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ebedmelech the Ethiopian said unto Jeremiah, Put now     
these old cast clouts and rotten rags under thine armholes under the cords. And 
Jeremiah did so.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>So they drew up Jeremiah with cords, and took him up out of the dungeon: 
and Jeremiah remained in the court of the prison.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zedekiah the king sent, and  
took Jeremiah the prophet unto him into the third entry that is in the house of 
YHVH: and the king said unto Jeremiah, I will ask thee a thing; hide nothing    
from me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then Jeremiah said unto Zedekiah, If I declare it unto thee, wilt thou not      
surely put me to death? and if I give thee counsel, wilt thou not hearken unto  
me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So       
Zedekiah the king sware secretly unto Jeremiah, saying, As YHVH liveth, that    
made us this soul, I will not put thee to death, neither will I give thee into  
the hand of these men that seek thy life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Jeremiah unto Zedekiah, Thus saith    
YHVH, the ELOHIYM of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; If thou wilt assuredly go    
forth unto the king of Babylon's princes, then thy soul shall live, and this    
city shall not be burned with fire; and thou shalt live, and thine house:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou     
wilt not go forth to the king of Babylon's princes, then shall this city be     
given into the hand of the Chaldeans, and they shall burn it with fire, and     
thou shalt not escape out of their hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zedekiah the king said unto Jeremiah, I am  
afraid of the Jews that are fallen to the Chaldeans, lest they deliver me into  
their hand, and they mock me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>  
20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Jeremiah said, They shall not deliver thee. Obey, I      
beseech thee, the voice of YHVH, which I speak unto thee: so it shall be well   
unto thee, and thy soul shall live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou refuse to go forth, this is the word that    
YHVH hath shewed me:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And, behold, all the women that are left in the king of Judah's     
house shall be brought forth to the king of Babylon's princes, and those women  
shall say, Thy friends have set thee on, and have prevailed against thee: thy   
feet are sunk in the mire, and they are turned away back.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So they shall bring out all thy   
wives and thy children to the Chaldeans: and thou shalt not escape out of their 
hand, but shalt be taken by the hand of the king of Babylon: and thou shalt     
cause this city to be burned with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Zedekiah unto Jeremiah, Let no man    
know of these words, and thou shalt not die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But if the princes hear that I have talked with 
thee, and they come unto thee, and say unto thee, Declare unto us now what thou 
hast said unto the king, hide it not from us, and we will not put thee to       
death; also what the king said unto thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then thou shalt say unto them, I presented my   
supplication before the king, that he would not cause me to return to           
Jonathan's house, to die there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>
27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came all the princes unto Jeremiah, and asked him: and  
he told them according to all these words that the king had commanded. So they  
left off speaking with him; for the matter was not perceived.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So Jeremiah abode in the      
court of the prison until the day that Jerusalem was taken: and he was there    
when Jerusalem was taken.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright   
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C039.htm'>Jeremiah 39</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
