<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C006.htm'>Judges 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then Jerubbaal, who is Gideon, and all the people that were with him, rose up   
early, and pitched beside the well of Harod: so that the host of the Midianites 
were on the north side of them, by the hill of Moreh, in the valley.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto     
Gideon, The people that are with thee are too many for me to give the           
Midianites into their hands, lest Israel vaunt themselves against me, saying,   
Mine own hand hath saved me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>    
3</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore go to, proclaim in the ears of the people,      
saying, Whosoever is fearful and afraid, let him return and depart early from   
mount Gilead. And there returned of the people twenty and two thousand; and     
there remained ten thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>    
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring 
them down unto the water, and I will try them for thee there: and it shall be,  
that of whom I say unto thee, This shall go with thee, the same shall go with   
thee; and of whomsoever I say unto thee, This shall not go with thee, the same  
shall not go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P> 
So he brought down the people unto the water: and YHVH said unto Gideon, Every  
one that lappeth of the water with his tongue, as a dog lappeth, him shalt thou 
set by himself; likewise every one that boweth down upon his knees to drink.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the number of 
them that lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, were three hundred men:    
but all the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees to drink water.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said     
unto Gideon, By the three hundred men that lapped will I save you, and deliver  
the Midianites into thine hand: and let all the other people go every man unto  
his place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
the people took victuals in their hand, and their trumpets: and he sent all the 
rest of Israel every man unto his tent, and retained those three hundred men:   
and the host of Midian was beneath him in the valley.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass the same night, 
that YHVH said unto him, Arise, get thee down unto the host; for I have         
delivered it into thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou fear to go down, go thou with Phurah thy servant 
down to the host:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And thou shalt hear what they say; and afterward shall thine hands be    
strengthened to go down unto the host. Then went he down with Phurah his        
servant unto the outside of the armed men that were in the host.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Midianites and    
the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like    
grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand   
by the sea side for multitude.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4> 
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Gideon was come, behold, there was a man that told  
a dream unto his fellow, and said, Behold, I dreamed a dream, and, lo, a cake   
of barley bread tumbled into the host of Midian, and came unto a tent, and      
smote it that it fell, and overturned it, that the tent lay along.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And his fellow answered   
and said, This is nothing else save the sword of Gideon the son of Joash, a man 
of Israel: for into his hand hath ELOHIYM delivered Midian, and all the         
host.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
was so, when Gideon heard the telling of the dream, and the interpretation      
thereof, that he worshipped, and returned into the host of Israel, and said,    
Arise; for YHVH hath delivered into your hand the host of Midian.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he divided the three  
hundred men into three companies, and he put a trumpet in every man's hand,     
with empty pitchers, and lamps within the pitchers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, Look on    
me, and do likewise: and, behold, when I come to the outside of the camp, it    
shall be that, as I do, so shall ye do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>When I blow with a trumpet, I and all that are  
with me, then blow ye the trumpets also on every side of all the camp, and say, 
The sword of YHVH, and of Gideon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>  
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>So Gideon, and the hundred men that were with him, came  
unto the outside of the camp in the beginning of the middle watch; and they had 
but newly set the watch: and they blew the trumpets, and brake the pitchers     
that were in their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>      
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the three companies blew the trumpets, and brake the     
pitchers, and held the lamps in their left hands, and the trumpets in their     
right hands to blow withal: and they cried, The sword of YHVH, and of           
Gideon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they stood every man in his place round about the camp; and all the host ran,   
and cried, and fled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the three hundred blew the trumpets, and YHVH set every man's   
sword against his fellow, even throughout all the host: and the host fled to    
Bethshittah in Zererath, and to the border of Abelmeholah, unto Tabbath.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of  
Israel gathered themselves together out of Naphtali, and out of Asher, and out  
of all Manasseh, and pursued after the Midianites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon sent messengers        
throughout all mount Ephraim, saying, come down against the Midianites, and     
take before them the waters unto Bethbarah and Jordan. Then all the men of      
Ephraim gathered themselves together, and took the waters unto Bethbarah and    
Jordan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they took two princes of the Midianites, Oreb and Zeeb; and they slew Oreb upon 
the rock Oreb, and Zeeb they slew at the winepress of Zeeb, and pursued Midian, 
and brought the heads of Oreb and Zeeb to Gideon on the other side Jordan.</P>  
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C008.htm'>Judges 8</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
