<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C018.htm'>2nd Chronicles 18</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat the king of     
Judah returned to his house in peace to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer 
went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the     
ungodly, and love them that hate YHVH? therefore is wrath upon thee from before 
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Nevertheless there are good things found in thee, in that thou hast taken away  
the groves out of the land, and hast prepared thine heart to seek ELOHIYM.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat   
dwelt at Jerusalem: and he went out again through the people from Beersheba to  
mount Ephraim, and brought them back unto YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set judges 
in the land throughout all the fenced cities of Judah, city by city,</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And said to the        
judges, Take heed what ye do: for ye judge not for man, but for YHVH, who is    
with you in the judgment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Wherefore now let the fear of YHVH be upon you; take heed and do    
it: for there is no iniquity with YHVH our ELOHIYM, nor respect of persons, nor 
taking of gifts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Moreover in Jerusalem did Jehoshaphat set of the Levites, and of the         
priests, and of the chief of the fathers of Israel, for the judgment of YHVH,   
and for controversies, when they returned to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he charged them, saying, Thus   
shall ye do in the fear of YHVH, faithfully, and with a perfect heart.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And what cause       
soever shall come to you of your brethren that dwell in your cities, between    
blood and blood, between law and commandment, statutes and judgments, ye shall  
even warn them that they trespass not against YHVH, and so wrath come upon you, 
and upon your brethren: this do, and ye shall not trespass.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, Amariah the      
chief priest is over you in all matters of YHVH; and Zebadiah the son of        
Ishmael, the ruler of the house of Judah, for all the king's matters: also the  
Levites shall be officers before you. Deal courageously, and YHVH shall be with 
the good.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C020.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
20</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
