<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 34 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C033.htm'>2nd Chronicles 33</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 34</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Josiah was eight years old when 
he began to reign, and he reigned in Jerusalem one and thirty years.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which  
was right in the sight of YHVH, and walked in the ways of David his father, and 
declined neither to the right hand, nor to the left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For in the eighth year of his       
reign, while he was yet young, he began to seek after the ELOHIYM of David his  
father: and in the twelfth year he began to purge Judah and Jerusalem from the  
high places, and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten images.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brake    
down the altars of Baalim in his presence; and the images, that were on high    
above them, he cut down; and the groves, and the carved images, and the molten  
images, he brake in pieces, and made dust of them, and strewed it upon the      
graves of them that had sacrificed unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he burnt the bones of the priests upon     
their altars, and cleansed Judah and Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And so did he in the cities of Manasseh, and   
Ephraim, and Simeon, even unto Naphtali, with their mattocks round about.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had   
broken down the altars and the groves, and had beaten the graven images into    
powder, and cut down all the idols throughout all the land of Israel, he        
returned to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now in the eighteenth year of his reign, when he had purged the     
land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah the       
governor of the city, and Joah the son of Joahaz the recorder, to repair the    
house of YHVH his ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And when they came to Hilkiah the high priest, they delivered the   
money that was brought into the house of ELOHIYM, which the Levites that kept   
the doors had gathered of the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim, and of all the      
remnant of Israel, and of all Judah and Benjamin; and they returned to          
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And they put it in the hand of the workmen that had the oversight of the house  
of YHVH, and they gave it to the workmen that wrought in the house of YHVH, to  
repair and amend the house:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>    
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Even to the artificers and builders gave they it, to buy     
hewn stone, and timber for couplings, and to floor the houses which the kings   
of Judah had destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And the men did the work faithfully: and the overseers of them were 
Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and Zechariah and       
Meshullam, of the sons of the Kohathites, to set it forward; and other of the   
Levites, all that could skill of instruments of music.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Also they were over the bearers   
of burdens, and were overseers of all that wrought the work in any manner of    
service: and of the Levites there were scribes, and officers, and porters.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they   
brought out the money that was brought into the house of YHVH, Hilkiah the      
priest found a book of the law of YHVH given by Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hilkiah answered and said to  
Shaphan the scribe, I have found the book of the law in the house of YHVH. And  
Hilkiah delivered the book to Shaphan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shaphan carried the book to the king, and   
brought the king word back again, saying, All that was committed to thy         
servants, they do it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And they have gathered together the money that was found in the     
house of YHVH, and have delivered it into the hand of the overseers, and to the 
hand of the workmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then Shaphan the scribe told the king, saying, Hilkiah the priest   
hath given me a book. And Shaphan read it before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the     
king had heard the words of the law, that he rent his clothes.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king commanded        
Hilkiah, and Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and Abdon the son of Micah, and Shaphan 
the scribe, and Asaiah a servant of the king's, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Go, enquire of YHVH for me, and   
for them that are left in Israel and in Judah, concerning the words of the book 
that is found: for great is the wrath of YHVH that is poured out upon us,       
because our fathers have not kept the word of YHVH, to do after all that is     
written in this book.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Hilkiah, and they that the king had appointed, went to Huldah   
the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of Tikvath, the son of Hasrah,      
keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem in the college:) and they   
spake to her to that effect.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>   
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And she answered them, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel,    
Tell ye the man that sent you to me,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, Behold, I will bring evil upon 
this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the curses that are      
written in the book which they have read before the king of Judah:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they have         
forsaken me, and have burned incense unto other gods, that they might provoke   
me to anger with all the works of their hands; therefore my wrath shall be      
poured out upon this place, and shall not be quenched.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And as for the king of Judah, who 
sent you to enquire of YHVH, so shall ye say unto him, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM  
of Israel concerning the words which thou hast heard;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Because thine heart was tender,   
and thou didst humble thyself before ELOHIYM, when thou heardest his words      
against this place, and against the inhabitants thereof, and humbledst thyself  
before me, and didst rend thy clothes, and weep before me; I have even heard    
thee also, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Behold, I will gather thee to thy fathers, and thou shalt be        
gathered to thy grave in peace, neither shall thine eyes see all the evil that  
I will bring upon this place, and upon the inhabitants of the same. So they     
brought the king word again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>   
29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king sent and gathered together all the elders of   
Judah and Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the king went up into the house of YHVH, and all the men of     
Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the priests, and the Levites, and  
all the people, great and small: and he read in their ears all the words of the 
book of the covenant that was found in the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king stood in his place,  
and made a covenant before YHVH, to walk after YHVH, and to keep his            
commandments, and his testimonies, and his statutes, with all his heart, and    
with all his soul, to perform the words of the covenant which are written in    
this book.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he caused all that were present in Jerusalem and Benjamin to stand to it.   
And the inhabitants of Jerusalem did according to the covenant of ELOHIYM, the  
ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>      
33</H4></TD><TD><P>And Josiah took away all the abominations out of all the     
countries that pertained to the children of Israel, and made all that were      
present in Israel to serve, even to serve YHVH their ELOHIYM. And all his days  
they departed not from following YHVH, the ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P></TD>   
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C035.htm'>2nd Chronicles 35</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
