<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>Ecclesiastes or, The Preacher, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B21C008.htm'>Ecclesiastes 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>           
Ecclesiastes or, The Preacher</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to     
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>For all this I considered in my heart even to declare all     
this, that the righteous, and the wise, and their works, are in the hand of     
ELOHIYM: no man knoweth either love or hatred by all that is before them.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>All things come   
alike to all: there is one event to the righteous, and to the wicked; to the    
good and to the clean, and to the unclean; to him that sacrificeth, and to him  
that sacrificeth not: as is the good, so is the sinner; and he that sweareth,   
as he that feareth an oath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>     
3</H4></TD><TD><P>This is an evil among all things that are done under the sun, 
that there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is     
full of evil, and madness is in their heart while they live, and after that     
they go to the dead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For to him that is joined to all the living there is hope: for a living  
dog is better than a dead lion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>For the living know that they shall die: but the dead know    
not any thing, neither have they any more a reward; for the memory of them is   
forgotten.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Also their love, and their hatred, and their envy, is now perished; neither     
have they any more a portion for ever in any thing that is done under the       
sun.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Go thy    
way, eat thy bread with joy, and drink thy wine with a merry heart; for ELOHIYM 
now accepteth thy works.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Let thy garments be always white; and let thy head lack no          
ointment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Live 
joyfully with the wife whom thou lovest all the days of the life of thy vanity, 
which he hath given thee under the sun, all the days of thy vanity: for that is 
thy portion in this life, and in thy labour which thou takest under the sun.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Whatsoever thy  
hand findeth to do, do it with thy might; for there is no work, nor device, nor 
knowledge, nor wisdom, in the grave, whither thou goest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>I returned, and saw under the     
sun, that the race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, neither   
yet bread to the wise, nor yet riches to men of understanding, nor yet favour   
to men of skill; but time and chance happeneth to them all.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For man also knoweth not his  
time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are    
caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it     
falleth suddenly upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>    
13</H4></TD><TD><P>This wisdom have I seen also under the sun, and it seemed    
great unto me:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>There was a little city, and few men within it; and there came a great king  
against it, and besieged it, and built great bulwarks against it:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Now there was found in it 
a poor wise man, and he by his wisdom delivered the city; yet no man remembered 
that same poor man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the poor man's 
wisdom is despised, and his words are not heard.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>The words of wise men are heard   
in quiet more than the cry of him that ruleth among fools.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Wisdom is better than weapons of  
war: but one sinner destroyeth much good.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This         
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B21C010.htm'>Ecclesiastes 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
