<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 25 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C024.htm'>Leviticus 24</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses in    
mount Sinai, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When ye come into  
the land which I give you, then shall the land keep a sabbath unto YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Six years thou    
shalt sow thy field, and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard, and gather in 
the fruit thereof;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But in the seventh year shall be a sabbath of rest unto the land, a      
sabbath for YHVH: thou shalt neither sow thy field, nor prune thy vineyard.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>That which        
groweth of its own accord of thy harvest thou shalt not reap, neither gather    
the grapes of thy vine undressed: for it is a year of rest unto the land.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sabbath   
of the land shall be meat for you; for thee, and for thy servant, and for thy   
maid, and for thy hired servant, and for thy stranger that sojourneth with      
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And for  
thy cattle, and for the beast that are in thy land, shall all the increase      
thereof be meat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And thou shalt number seven sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven   
years; and the space of the seven sabbaths of years shall be unto thee forty    
and nine years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the jubilee to sound on the tenth day   
of the seventh month, in the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound   
throughout all your land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>      
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall hallow the fiftieth year, and proclaim liberty  
throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof: it shall be a jubilee 
unto you; and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall       
return every man unto his family.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>  
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>A jubilee shall that fiftieth year be unto you: ye shall 
not sow, neither reap that which groweth of itself in it, nor gather the grapes 
in it of thy vine undressed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>For it is the jubilee; it shall be holy unto you: ye shall   
eat the increase thereof out of the field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>In the year of this jubilee ye shall return     
every man unto his possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4> 
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou sell ought unto thy neighbor, or buyest ought of 
thy neighbor's hand, ye shall not oppress one another:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>According to the number of years  
after the jubilee thou shalt buy of thy neighbor, and according unto the number 
of years of the fruits he shall sell unto thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>According to the multitude of years thou     
shalt increase the price thereof, and according to the fewness of years thou    
shalt diminish the price of it: for according to the number of the years of the 
fruits doth he sell unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4> 
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall not therefore oppress one another; but thou shalt   
fear thy ELOHIYM: for I am YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore ye shall do my statutes, and keep  
my judgments, and do them; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the land shall   
yield her fruit, and ye shall eat your fill, and dwell therein in safety.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And if ye shall 
say, What shall we eat the seventh year? behold, we shall not sow, nor gather   
in our increase:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then I will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year, and it shall 
bring forth fruit for three years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22> 
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall sow the eighth year, and eat yet of old     
fruit until the ninth year; until her fruits come in ye shall eat of the old    
store.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>The   
land shall not be sold for ever: for the land is mine, for ye are strangers and 
sojourners with me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for   
the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>If 
thy brother be waxen poor, and hath sold away some of his possession, and if    
any of his kin come to redeem it, then shall he redeem that which his brother   
sold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And if 
the man have none to redeem it, and himself be able to redeem it;</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then let him count the    
years of the sale thereof, and restore the overplus unto the man to whom he     
sold it; that he may return unto his possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But if he be not able to restore  
it to him, then that which is sold shall remain in the hand of him that hath    
bought it until the year of jubilee: and in the jubilee it shall go out, and he 
shall return unto his possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>  
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a man sell a dwelling house in a walled city,     
then he may redeem it within a whole year after it is sold; within a full year  
may he redeem it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And if it be not redeemed within the space of a full year, then the      
house that is in the walled city shall be established for ever to him that      
bought it throughout his generations: it shall not go out in the jubilee.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>But the houses  
of the villages which have no wall round about them shall be counted as the     
fields of the country: they may be redeemed, and they shall go out in the       
jubilee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Notwithstanding the cities of the Levites, and the houses of the cities of      
their possession, may the Levites redeem at any time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a man purchase of the      
Levites, then the house that was sold, and the city of his possession, shall go 
out in the year of jubilee: for the houses of the cities of the Levites are     
their possession among the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>But the field of the suburbs of their cities 
may not be sold; for it is their perpetual possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thy brother be waxen poor, 
and fallen in decay with thee; then thou shalt relieve him: yea, though he be a 
stranger, or a sojourner; that he may live with thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Take thou no usury of him, or     
increase: but fear thy ELOHIYM; that thy brother may live with thee.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not give  
him thy money upon usury, nor lend him thy victuals for increase.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>I am YHVH your ELOHIYM,   
which brought you forth out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of       
Canaan, and to be your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>
39</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thy brother that dwelleth by thee be waxen poor, and  
be sold unto thee; thou shalt not compel him to serve as a bondservant:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>But as an hired      
servant, and as a sojourner, he shall be with thee, and shall serve thee unto   
the year of jubilee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And then shall he depart from thee, both he and his children with   
him, and shall return unto his own family, and unto the possession of his       
fathers shall he return.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For they are my servants, which I brought forth out of the land of  
Egypt: they shall not be sold as bondmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not rule over him with rigor; but    
shalt fear thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Both thy bondmen, and thy bondmaids, which thou shalt have, shall   
be of the heathen that are round about you; of them shall ye buy bondmen and    
bondmaids.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Moreover of the children of the strangers that do sojourn among you, of them    
shall ye buy, and of their families that are with you, which they begat in your 
land: and they shall be your possession.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall take them as an inheritance for    
your children after you, to inherit them for a possession; they shall be your   
bondmen for ever: but over your brethren the children of Israel, ye shall not   
rule one over another with rigor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47>  
<H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a sojourner or stranger wax rich by thee, and thy 
brother that dwelleth by him wax poor, and sell himself unto the stranger or    
sojourner by thee, or to the stock of the stranger's family:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>After that he is sold he may  
be redeemed again; one of his brethren may redeem him:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>Either his uncle, or his uncle's  
son, may redeem him, or any that is nigh of kin unto him of his family may      
redeem him; or if he be able, he may redeem himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall reckon with him that 
bought him from the year that he was sold to him unto the year of jubilee: and  
the price of his sale shall be according unto the number of years, according to 
the time of an hired servant shall it be with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>If there be yet many years        
behind, according unto them he shall give again the price of his redemption out 
of the money that he was bought for.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And if there remain but few years unto the year 
of jubilee, then he shall count with him, and according unto his years shall he 
give him again the price of his redemption.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>And as a yearly hired servant shall he be with  
him: and the other shall not rule with rigor over him in thy sight.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he be not     
redeemed in these years, then he shall go out in the year of jubilee, both he,  
and his children with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>     
55</H4></TD><TD><P>For unto me the children of Israel are servants; they are my 
servants whom I brought forth out of the land of Egypt: I am YHVH your          
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.    
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C026.htm'>Leviticus 26</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
