<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C007.htm'>2nd Chronicles 7</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the end of   
twenty years, wherein Solomon had built the house of YHVH, and his own          
house,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That    
the cities which Huram had restored to Solomon, Solomon built them, and caused  
the children of Israel to dwell there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon went to Hamathzobah, and prevailed    
against it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he built Tadmor in the wilderness, and all the store cities, which he built 
in Hamath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Also he built Bethhoron the upper, and Bethhoron the nether, fenced cities,     
with walls, gates, and bars;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>    
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Baalath, and all the store cities that Solomon had, and   
all the chariot cities, and the cities of the horsemen, and all that Solomon    
desired to build in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and throughout all the land of   
his dominion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
As for all the people that were left of the Hittites, and the Amorites, and the 
Perizzites, and the Hivites, and the Jebusites, which were not of Israel,</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But of their      
children, who were left after them in the land, whom the children of Israel     
consumed not, them did Solomon make to pay tribute until this day.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But of the children of      
Israel did Solomon make no servants for his work; but they were men of war, and 
chief of his captains, and captains of his chariots and horsemen.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And these were the chief  
of king Solomon's officers, even two hundred and fifty, that bare rule over the 
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Solomon brought up the daughter of Pharaoh out of the city of David unto the    
house that he had built for her: for he said, My wife shall not dwell in the    
house of David king of Israel, because the places are holy, whereunto the ark   
of YHVH hath come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then Solomon offered burnt offerings unto YHVH on the altar of YHVH,     
which he had built before the porch,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Even after a certain rate every day, offering   
according to the commandment of Moses, on the sabbaths, and on the new moons,   
and on the solemn feasts, three times in the year, even in the feast of         
unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of                
tabernacles.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>
And he appointed, according to the order of David his father, the courses of    
the priests to their service, and the Levites to their charges, to praise and   
minister before the priests, as the duty of every day required: the porters     
also by their courses at every gate: for so had David the man of ELOHIYM        
commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And they departed not from the commandment of the king unto the priests and     
Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the treasures.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Now all the work of Solomon   
was prepared unto the day of the foundation of the house of YHVH, and until it  
was finished. So the house of YHVH was perfected.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went Solomon to Eziongeber,  
and to Eloth, at the sea side in the land of Edom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Huram sent him by the hands   
of his servants ships, and servants that had knowledge of the sea; and they     
went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir, and took thence four hundred and    
fifty talents of gold, and brought them to king Solomon.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B14C009.htm'>2nd Chronicles 9</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
