<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 27 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C026.htm'>Jeremiah 26</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 27</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the beginning of the reign   
of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah came this word unto Jeremiah from  
YHVH, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Thus saith YHVH to me; Make thee bonds and yokes, and put them upon thy         
neck,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And send 
them to the king of Edom, and to the king of Moab, and to the king of the       
Ammonites, and to the king of Tyrus, and to the king of Zidon, by the hand of   
the messengers which come to Jerusalem unto Zedekiah king of Judah;</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And command them to    
say unto their masters, Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Thus   
shall ye say unto your masters;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>I have made the earth, the man and the beast that are upon    
the ground, by my great power and by my outstretched arm, and have given it     
unto whom it seemed meet unto me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And now have I given all these lands into the hand of     
Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, my servant; and the beasts of the field     
have I given him also to serve him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7> 
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And all nations shall serve him, and his son, and his     
son's son, until the very time of his land come: and then many nations and      
great kings shall serve themselves of him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, that the nation and    
kingdom which will not serve the same Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon, and   
that will not put their neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, that nation 
will I punish, saith YHVH, with the sword, and with the famine, and with the    
pestilence, until I have consumed them by his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore hearken not ye to your    
prophets, nor to your diviners, nor to your dreamers, nor to your enchanters,   
nor to your sorcerers, which speak unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the     
king of Babylon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For they prophesy a lie unto you, to remove you far from your land; and  
that I should drive you out, and ye should perish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But the nations that bring their  
neck under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him, those will I let     
remain still in their own land, saith YHVH; and they shall till it, and dwell   
therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>I   
spake also to Zedekiah king of Judah according to all these words, saying,      
Bring your necks under the yoke of the king of Babylon, and serve him and his   
people, and live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Why will ye die, thou and thy people, by the sword, by the famine, and   
by the pestilence, as YHVH hath spoken against the nation that will not serve   
the king of Babylon?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Therefore hearken not unto the words of the prophets that speak     
unto you, saying, Ye shall not serve the king of Babylon: for they prophesy a   
lie unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>For I have not sent them, saith YHVH, yet they prophesy a lie in my name;    
that I might drive you out, and that ye might perish, ye, and the prophets that 
prophesy unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Also I spake to the priests and to all this people, saying, Thus saith   
YHVH; Hearken not to the words of your prophets that prophesy unto you, saying, 
Behold, the vessels of YHVH's house shall now shortly be brought again from     
Babylon: for they prophesy a lie unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Hearken not unto them; serve the king of        
Babylon, and live: wherefore should this city be laid waste?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But if they be prophets, and  
if the word of YHVH be with them, let them now make intercession to YHVH of     
hosts, that the vessels which are left in the house of YHVH, and in the house   
of the king of Judah, and at Jerusalem, go not to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts      
concerning the pillars, and concerning the sea, and concerning the bases, and   
concerning the residue of the vessels that remain in this city.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Which Nebuchadnezzar king 
of Babylon took not, when he carried away captive Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim 
king of Judah from Jerusalem to Babylon, and all the nobles of Judah and        
Jerusalem;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Yea, thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel, concerning the vessels    
that remain in the house of YHVH, and in the house of the king of Judah and of  
Jerusalem;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>  
They shall be carried to Babylon, and there shall they be until the day that I  
visit them, saith YHVH; then will I bring them up, and restore them to this     
place.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C028.htm'>Jeremiah 28</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
