<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C007.htm'>Judges 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the men of Ephraim said unto him, Why hast thou served us thus, that thou   
calledst us not, when thou wentest to fight with the Midianites? And they did   
chide with him sharply.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, What have I done now in comparison of you?   
Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim better than the vintage of         
Abiezer?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>      
ELOHIYM hath delivered into your hands the princes of Midian, Oreb and Zeeb:    
and what was I able to do in comparison of you? Then their anger was abated     
toward him, when he had said that.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>  
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon came to Jordan, and passed over, he, and the   
three hundred men that were with him, faint, yet pursuing them.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto the men of 
Succoth, Give, I pray you, loaves of bread unto the people that follow me; for  
they be faint, and I am pursuing after Zebah and Zalmunna, kings of Midian.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the princes   
of Succoth said, Are the hands of Zebah and Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we 
should give bread unto thine army?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>  
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon said, Therefore when YHVH hath delivered Zebah 
and Zalmunna into mine hand, then I will tear your flesh with the thorns of the 
wilderness and with briers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>     
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went up thence to Penuel, and spake unto them          
likewise: and the men of Penuel answered him as the men of Succoth had answered 
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he    
spake also unto the men of Penuel, saying, When I come again in peace, I will   
break down this tower.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Now Zebah and Zalmunna were in Karkor, and their hosts with them,   
about fifteen thousand men, all that were left of all the hosts of the children 
of the east: for there fell an hundred and twenty thousand men that drew        
sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Gideon went up by the way of them that dwelt in tents on the east of Nobah and  
Jogbehah, and smote the host; for the host was secure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Zebah and Zalmunna fled, 
he pursued after them, and took the two kings of Midian, Zebah and Zalmunna,    
and discomfited all the host.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>  
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon the son of Joash returned from battle before the  
sun was up,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And caught a young man of the men of Succoth, and inquired of him: and he       
described unto him the princes of Succoth, and the elders thereof, even         
threescore and seventeen men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>  
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he came unto the men of Succoth, and said, Behold Zebah  
and Zalmunna, with whom ye did upbraid me, saying, Are the hands of Zebah and   
Zalmunna now in thine hand, that we should give bread unto thy men that are     
weary?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he took the elders of the city, and thorns of the wilderness and briers, and    
with them he taught the men of Succoth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he beat down the tower of Penuel, and slew  
the men of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then said he unto Zebah and Zalmunna, What manner of men were they  
whom ye slew at Tabor? And they answered, As thou art, so were they; each one   
resembled the children of a king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19>  
<H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, They were my brethren, even the sons of my  
mother: as YHVH liveth, if ye had saved them alive, I would not slay you.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said     
unto Jether his firstborn, Up, and slay them. But the youth drew not his sword: 
for he feared, because he was yet a youth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zebah and Zalmunna said, Rise thou, and    
fall upon us: for as the man is, so is his strength. And Gideon arose, and slew 
Zebah and Zalmunna, and took away the ornaments that were on their camels'      
necks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
the men of Israel said unto Gideon, Rule thou over us, both thou, and thy son,  
and thy son's son also: for thou hast delivered us from the hand of Midian.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon said 
unto them, I will not rule over you, neither shall my son rule over you: YHVH   
shall rule over you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And Gideon said unto them, I would desire a request of you, that ye 
would give me every man the earrings of his prey. (For they had golden          
earrings, because they were Ishmaelites.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they answered, We will willingly give them. 
And they spread a garment, and did cast therein every man the earrings of his   
prey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the weight of the golden earrings that he requested was a thousand and seven    
hundred shekels of gold; beside ornaments, and collars, and purple raiment that 
was on the kings of Midian, and beside the chains that were about their camels' 
necks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Gideon made an ephod thereof, and put it in his city, even in Ophrah: and all   
Israel went thither a whoring after it: which thing became a snare unto Gideon, 
and to his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Thus was Midian subdued before the children of Israel, so that they      
lifted up their heads no more. And the country was in quietness forty years in  
the days of Gideon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And Jerubbaal the son of Joash went and dwelt in his own house.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gideon had       
threescore and ten sons of his body begotten: for he had many wives.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And his concubine    
that was in Shechem, she also bare him a son, whose name he called              
Abimelech.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Gideon the son of Joash died in a good old age, and was buried in the       
sepulchre of Joash his father, in Ophrah of the Abiezrites.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as soon  
as Gideon was dead, that the children of Israel turned again, and went a        
whoring after Baalim, and made Baalberith their god.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel        
remembered not YHVH their ELOHIYM, who had delivered them out of the hands of   
all their enemies on every side:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35>   
<H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither showed they kindness to the house of Jerubbaal,  
namely, Gideon, according to all the goodness which he had showed unto          
Israel.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C009.htm'>Judges 9</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
