<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 24 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C023.htm'>2nd Kings 23</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In his days Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up, and Jehoiakim became 
his servant three years: then he turned and rebelled against him.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH sent against him   
bands of the Chaldees, and bands of the Syrians, and bands of the Moabites, and 
bands of the children of Ammon, and sent them against Judah to destroy it,      
according to the word of YHVH, which he spake by his servants the prophets.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Surely at the     
commandment of YHVH came this upon Judah, to remove them out of his sight, for  
the sins of Manasseh, according to all that he did;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And also for the innocent blood     
that he shed: for he filled Jerusalem with innocent blood; which YHVH would not 
pardon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Now    
the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and all that he did, are they not written in 
the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So Jehoiakim slept with his         
fathers: and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Egypt came not      
again any more out of his land: for the king of Babylon had taken from the      
river of Egypt unto the river Euphrates all that pertained to the king of       
Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Jehoiachin was eighteen years old when he began to reign, and he reigned in     
Jerusalem three months. And his mother's name was Nehushta, the daughter of     
Elnathan of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in the sight of YHVH, according to   
all that his father had done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>At that time the servants of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon  
came up against Jerusalem, and the city was besieged.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Nebuchadnezzar king of        
Babylon came against the city, and his servants did besiege it.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoiachin the king   
of Judah went out to the king of Babylon, he, and his mother, and his servants, 
and his princes, and his officers: and the king of Babylon took him in the      
eighth year of his reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>      
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he carried out thence all the treasures of the house of  
YHVH, and the treasures of the king's house, and cut in pieces all the vessels  
of gold which Solomon king of Israel had made in the temple of YHVH, as YHVH    
had said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he carried away all Jerusalem, and all the princes, and all the mighty men  
of valor, even ten thousand captives, and all the craftsmen and smiths: none    
remained, save the poorest sort of the people of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he carried away Jehoiachin to 
Babylon, and the king's mother, and the king's wives, and his officers, and the 
mighty of the land, those carried he into captivity from Jerusalem to           
Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
all the men of might, even seven thousand, and craftsmen and smiths a thousand, 
all that were strong and apt for war, even them the king of Babylon brought     
captive to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the king of Babylon made Mattaniah his father's brother king in his  
stead, and changed his name to Zedekiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Zedekiah was twenty and one years old when he   
began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name 
was Hamutal, the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in 
the sight of YHVH, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For through the anger of YHVH 
it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, until he had cast them out from his     
presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C025.htm'>2nd Kings 25</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
