<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James       
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C005.htm'>1st Samuel 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the ark of YHVH was in the country of the Philistines seven          
months.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the Philistines called for the priests and the diviners, saying, What shall we  
do to the ark of YHVH? tell us wherewith we shall send it to his place.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said, If ye   
send away the ark of the ELOHIYM of Israel, send it not empty; but in any wise  
return him a trespass offering: then ye shall be healed, and it shall be known  
to you why his hand is not removed from you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said they, What shall be the trespass        
offering which we shall return to him? They answered, Five golden emerods, and  
five golden mice, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines: for  
one plague was on you all, and on your lords.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore ye shall make images of your         
emerods, and images of your mice that mar the land; and ye shall give glory     
unto the ELOHIYM of Israel: peradventure he will lighten his hand from off you, 
and from off your gods, and from off your land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore then do ye harden your hearts, as    
the Egyptians and Pharaoh hardened their hearts? when he had wrought            
wonderfully among them, did they not let the people go, and they departed?</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore     
make a new cart, and take two milch kine, on which there hath come no yoke, and 
tie the kine to the cart, and bring their calves home from them:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And take the ark of YHVH,   
and lay it upon the cart; and put the jewels of gold, which ye return him for a 
trespass offering, in a coffer by the side thereof; and send it away, that it   
may go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
see, if it goeth up by the way of his own coast to Bethshemesh, then he hath    
done us this great evil: but if not, then we shall know that it is not his hand 
that smote us: it was a chance that happened to us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men did so; and took two  
milch kine, and tied them to the cart, and shut up their calves at home:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they laid   
the ark of YHVH upon the cart, and the coffer with the mice of gold and the     
images of their emerods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the kine took the straight way to the way of Bethshemesh, and   
went along the highway, lowing as they went, and turned not aside to the right  
hand or to the left; and the lords of the Philistines went after them unto the  
border of Bethshemesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And they of Bethshemesh were reaping their wheat harvest in the     
valley: and they lifted up their eyes, and saw the ark, and rejoiced to see     
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
cart came into the field of Joshua, a Bethshemite, and stood there, where there 
was a great stone: and they clave the wood of the cart, and offered the kine a  
burnt offering unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>      
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites took down the ark of YHVH, and the coffer    
that was with it, wherein the jewels of gold were, and put them on the great    
stone: and the men of Bethshemesh offered burnt offerings and sacrificed        
sacrifices the same day unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16> 
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the five lords of the Philistines had seen it,  
they returned to Ekron the same day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And these are the golden emerods which the      
Philistines returned for a trespass offering unto YHVH; for Ashdod one, for     
Gaza one, for Askelon one, for Gath one, for Ekron one;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the golden mice, according to 
the number of all the cities of the Philistines belonging to the five lords,    
both of fenced cities, and of country villages, even unto the great stone of    
Abel, whereon they set down the ark of YHVH: which stone remaineth unto this    
day in the field of Joshua, the Bethshemite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he smote the men of Bethshemesh, because    
they had looked into the ark of YHVH, even he smote of the people fifty         
thousand and threescore and ten men: and the people lamented, because YHVH had  
smitten many of the people with a great slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Bethshemesh said,  
Who is able to stand before this holy YHVH ELOHIYM? and to whom shall he go up  
from us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they sent messengers to the inhabitants of Kirjathjearim, saying, The           
Philistines have brought again the ark of YHVH; come ye down, and fetch it up   
to you.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C007.htm'>1st Samuel 7</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
