<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Ruth, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James               
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C021.htm'>Judges 21</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Ruth</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it   
came to pass in the days when the judges ruled, that there was a famine in the  
land. And a certain man of Bethlehemjudah went to sojourn in the country of     
Moab, he, and his wife, and his two sons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the name of the man was Elimelech, and the    
name of his wife Naomi, and the name of his two sons Mahlon and Chilion,        
Ephrathites of Bethlehemjudah. And they came into the country of Moab, and      
continued there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And Elimelech Naomi's husband died; and she was left, and her two sons.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took     
them wives of the women of Moab; the name of the one was Orpah, and the name of 
the other Ruth: and they dwelled there about ten years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Mahlon and Chilion died also    
both of them; and the woman was left of her two sons and her husband.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she arose with    
her daughters in law, that she might return from the country of Moab: for she   
had heard in the country of Moab how that YHVH had visited his people in giving 
them bread.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Wherefore she went forth out of the place where she was, and her two daughters  
in law with her; and they went on the way to return unto the land of Judah.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Naomi said    
unto her two daughters in law, Go, return each to her mother's house: YHVH deal 
kindly with you, as ye have dealt with the dead, and with me.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH grant you that ye may find 
rest, each of you in the house of her husband. Then she kissed them; and they   
lifted up their voice, and wept.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>   
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said unto her, Surely we will return with thee  
unto thy people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And Naomi said, Turn again, my daughters: why will ye go with me? are    
there yet any more sons in my womb, that they may be your husbands?</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Turn again, my       
daughters, go your way; for I am too old to have an husband. If I should say, I 
have hope, if I should have an husband also to night, and should also bear      
sons;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Would  
ye tarry for them till they were grown? would ye stay for them from having      
husbands? nay, my daughters; for it grieveth me much for your sakes that the    
hand of the ADOWN is gone out against me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And they lifted up their voice, and wept again: 
and Orpah kissed her mother in law; but Ruth clave unto her.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said, Behold, thy     
sister in law is gone back unto her people, and unto her gods: return thou      
after thy sister in law.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Ruth said, Entreat me not to leave thee, or to return from      
following after thee: for whither thou goest, I will go; and where thou         
lodgest, I will lodge: thy people shall be my people, and thy ELOHIYM my        
ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Where thou diest, will I die, and there will I be buried: YHVH do so to me, and 
more also, if ought but death part thee and me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>When she saw that she was stedfastly minded  
to go with her, then she left speaking unto her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>So they two went until they came  
to Bethlehem. And it came to pass, when they were come to Bethlehem, that all   
the city was moved about them, and they said, Is this Naomi?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto them, Call  
me not Naomi, call me Mara: for the SHADDAY hath dealt very bitterly with       
me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>I went   
out full and YHVH hath brought me home again empty: why then call ye me Naomi,  
seeing YHVH hath testified against me, and the SHADDAY hath afflicted me?</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>So Naomi        
returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter in law, with her, which returned 
out of the country of Moab: and they came to Bethlehem in the beginning of      
barley harvest.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by     
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B08C002.htm'>Ruth 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
