<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C020.htm'>Numbers 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And when king Arad the Canaanite, which dwelt in  
the south, heard tell that Israel came by the way of the spies; then he fought  
against Israel, and took some of them prisoners.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel vowed a vow unto YHVH,   
and said, If thou wilt indeed deliver this people into my hand, then I will     
utterly destroy their cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>   
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH hearkened to the voice of Israel, and delivered up   
the Canaanites; and they utterly destroyed them and their cities: and he called 
the name of the place Hormah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they journeyed from mount Hor by the way of the Red sea,  
to compass the land of Edom: and the soul of the people was much discouraged    
because of the way.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the people spake against ELOHIYM, and against Moses, Wherefore have  
ye brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? for there is no bread,  
neither is there any water; and our soul loatheth this light bread.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH sent fiery    
serpents among the people, and they bit the people; and much people of Israel   
died.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Therefore the people came to Moses, and said, We have sinned, for we have       
spoken against YHVH, and against thee; pray unto YHVH, that he take away the    
serpents from us. And Moses prayed for the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Make thee 
a fiery serpent, and set it upon a pole: and it shall come to pass, that every  
one that is bitten, when he looketh upon it, shall live.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses made a serpent of brass,  
and put it upon a pole, and it came to pass, that if a serpent had bitten any   
man, when he beheld the serpent of brass, he lived.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel set    
forward, and pitched in Oboth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4> 
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they journeyed from Oboth, and pitched at Ijeabarim, in  
the wilderness which is before Moab, toward the sunrising.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>From thence they removed, and     
pitched in the valley of Zared.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>From thence they removed, and pitched on the other side of   
Arnon, which is in the wilderness that cometh out of the coasts of the          
Amorites: for Arnon is the border of Moab, between Moab and the Amorites.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore it is 
said in the book of the wars of YHVH, What he did in the Red sea, and in the    
brooks of Arnon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And at the stream of the brooks that goeth down to the dwelling of Ar,   
and lieth upon the border of Moab.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16> 
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And from thence they went to Beer: that is the well      
whereof YHVH spake unto Moses, Gather the people together, and I will give them 
water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
Israel sang this song, Spring up, O well; sing ye unto it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The princes digged the well, the  
nobles of the people digged it, by the direction of the lawgiver, with their    
staves. And from the wilderness they went to Mattanah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And from Mattanah to Nahaliel:    
and from Nahaliel to Bamoth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>   
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And from Bamoth in the valley, that is in the country of     
Moab, to the top of Pisgah, which looketh toward Jeshimon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel sent messengers unto   
Sihon king of the Amorites, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22>
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Let me pass through thy land: we will not turn into the  
fields, or into the vineyards; we will not drink of the waters of the well: but 
we will go along by the king's high way, until we be past thy borders.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And Sihon would not  
suffer Israel to pass through his border: but Sihon gathered all his people     
together, and went out against Israel into the wilderness: and he came to       
Jahaz, and fought against Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24>  
<H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel smote him with the edge of the sword, and     
possessed his land from Arnon unto Jabbok, even unto the children of Ammon: for 
the border of the children of Ammon was strong.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Israel took all these cities: and Israel 
dwelt in all the cities of the Amorites, in Heshbon, and in all the villages    
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
Heshbon was the city of Sihon the king of the Amorites, who had fought against  
the former king of Moab, and taken all his land out of his hand, even unto      
Arnon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Wherefore they that speak in proverbs say, Come into Heshbon, let the city of   
Sihon be built and prepared:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>   
28</H4></TD><TD><P>For there is a fire gone out of Heshbon, a flame from the    
city of Sihon: it hath consumed Ar of Moab, and the lords of the high places of 
Arnon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe   
to thee, Moab! thou art undone, O people of Chemosh: he hath given his sons     
that escaped, and his daughters, into captivity unto Sihon king of the          
Amorites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>We 
have shot at them; Heshbon is perished even unto Dibon, and we have laid them   
waste even unto Nophah, which reacheth unto Medeba.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus Israel dwelt in the land of  
the Amorites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Moses sent to spy out Jaazer, and they took the villages thereof, and    
drove out the Amorites that were there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And they turned and went up by the way of       
Bashan: and Og the king of Bashan went out against them, he, and all his        
people, to the battle at Edrei.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>
34</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Fear him not: for I have delivered 
him into thy hand, and all his people, and his land; and thou shalt do to him   
as thou didst unto Sihon king of the Amorites, which dwelt at Heshbon.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>So they smote him,   
and his sons, and all his people, until there was none left him alive: and they 
possessed his land.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by 
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B04C022.htm'>Numbers 22</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
