<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James           
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C001.htm'>Nehemiah 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of    
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And it came to pass in the month Nisan, in the twentieth year of Artaxerxes the 
king, that wine was before him: and I took up the wine, and gave it unto the    
king. Now I had not been beforetime sad in his presence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore the king said unto me,    
Why is thy countenance sad, seeing thou art not sick? this is nothing else but  
sorrow of heart. Then I was very sore afraid,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto the king, Let the king live for  
ever: why should not my countenance be sad, when the city, the place of my      
fathers' sepulchres, lieth waste, and the gates thereof are consumed with       
fire?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the 
king said unto me, For what dost thou make request? So I prayed to the ELOHIYM  
of heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
I said unto the king, If it please the king, and if thy servant have found      
favour in thy sight, that thou wouldest send me unto Judah, unto the city of my 
fathers' sepulchres, that I may build it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said unto me, (the queen also        
sitting by him,) For how long shall thy journey be? and when wilt thou return?  
So it pleased the king to send me; and I set him a time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover I said unto the king, If   
it please the king, let letters be given me to the governors beyond the river,  
that they may convey me over till I come into Judah;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And a letter unto Asaph the keeper  
of the king's forest, that he may give me timber to make beams for the gates of 
the palace which appertained to the house, and for the wall of the city, and    
for the house that I shall enter into. And the king granted me, according to    
the good hand of my ELOHIYM upon me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9>
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I came to the governors beyond the river, and gave   
them the king's letters. Now the king had sent captains of the army and         
horsemen with me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>When Sanballat the Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, heard 
of it, it grieved them exceedingly that there was come a man to seek the        
welfare of the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11> 
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>So I came to Jerusalem, and was there three days.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I arose in  
the night, I and some few men with me; neither told I any man what my ELOHIYM   
had put in my heart to do at Jerusalem: neither was there any beast with me,    
save the beast that I rode upon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>   
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I went out by night by the gate of the valley, even  
before the dragon well, and to the dung port, and viewed the walls of           
Jerusalem, which were broken down, and the gates thereof were consumed with     
fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I 
went on to the gate of the fountain, and to the king's pool: but there was no   
place for the beast that was under me to pass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went I up in the night by the brook,    
and viewed the wall, and turned back, and entered by the gate of the valley,    
and so returned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the rulers knew not whither I went, or what I did; neither had I as  
yet told it to the Jews, nor to the priests, nor to the nobles, nor to the      
rulers, nor to the rest that did the work.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said I unto them, Ye see the distress that 
we are in, how Jerusalem lieth waste, and the gates thereof are burned with     
fire: come, and let us build up the wall of Jerusalem, that we be no more a     
reproach.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then I told them of the hand of my ELOHIYM which was good upon me; as also the  
king's words that he had spoken unto me. And they said, Let us rise up and      
build. So they strengthened their hands for this good work.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But when Sanballat the        
Horonite, and Tobiah the servant, the Ammonite, and Geshem the Arabian, heard   
it, they laughed us to scorn, and despised us, and said, What is this thing     
that ye do? will ye rebel against the king?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then answered I them, and said unto them, The   
ELOHIYM of heaven, he will prosper us; therefore we his servants will arise and 
build: but ye have no portion, nor right, nor memorial, in Jerusalem.</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B16C003.htm'>Nehemiah 3</A></CENTER>   
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
