<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 34 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C033.htm'>Isaiah 33</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 34</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Come near, ye nations, to hear; and hearken, ye people: let   
the earth hear, and all that is therein; the world, and all things that come    
forth of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>  
For the indignation of YHVH is upon all nations, and his fury upon all their    
armies: he hath utterly destroyed them, he hath delivered them to the           
slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Their slain also shall be cast out, and their stink shall come up out of their  
carcases, and the mountains shall be melted with their blood.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the host of heaven      
shall be dissolved, and the heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll: and   
all their host shall fall down, as the leaf falleth off from the vine, and as a 
falling fig from the fig tree.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>For my sword shall be bathed in heaven: behold, it shall come 
down upon Idumea, and upon the people of my curse, to judgment.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>The sword of YHVH is filled 
with blood, it is made fat with fatness, and with the blood of lambs and goats, 
with the fat of the kidneys of rams: for YHVH hath a sacrifice in Bozrah, and a 
great slaughter in the land of Idumea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the unicorns shall come down with them, and   
the bullocks with the bulls; and their land shall be soaked with blood, and     
their dust made fat with fatness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For it is the day of YHVH's vengeance, and the year of    
recompences for the controversy of Zion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the streams thereof shall be turned into      
pitch, and the dust thereof into brimstone, and the land thereof shall become   
burning pitch.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall go up for    
ever: from generation to generation it shall lie waste; none shall pass through 
it for ever and ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>But the cormorant and the bittern shall possess it; the owl also    
and the raven shall dwell in it: and he shall stretch out upon it the line of   
confusion, and the stones of emptiness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall call the nobles thereof to the       
kingdom, but none shall be there, and all her princes shall be nothing.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And thorns shall     
come up in her palaces, nettles and brambles in the fortresses thereof: and it  
shall be an habitation of dragons, and a court for owls.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>The wild beasts of the desert     
shall also meet with the wild beasts of the island, and the satyr shall cry to  
his fellow; the screech owl also shall rest there, and find for herself a place 
of rest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>    
There shall the great owl make her nest, and lay, and hatch, and gather under   
her shadow: there shall the vultures also be gathered, every one with her       
mate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Seek   
ye out of the book of YHVH, and read: no one of these shall fail, none shall    
want her mate: for my mouth it hath commanded, and his spirit it hath gathered  
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
hath cast the lot for them, and his hand hath divided it unto them by line:     
they shall possess it for ever, from generation to generation shall they dwell  
therein.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.    
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C035.htm'>Isaiah 35</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
