<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C022.htm'>2nd Chronicles 22</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the seventh year         
Jehoiada strengthened himself, and took the captains of hundreds, Azariah the   
son of Jeroham, and Ishmael the son of Jehohanan, and Azariah the son of Obed,  
and Maaseiah the son of Adaiah, and Elishaphat the son of Zichri, into covenant 
with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they went about in Judah, and gathered the Levites out of all the cities of     
Judah, and the chief of the fathers of Israel, and they came to Jerusalem.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the       
congregation made a covenant with the king in the house of ELOHIYM. And he said 
unto them, Behold, the king's son shall reign, as YHVH hath said of the sons of 
David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>This is 
the thing that ye shall do; A third part of you entering on the sabbath, of the 
priests and of the Levites, shall be porters of the doors;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And a third part shall be at the    
king's house; and a third part at the gate of the foundation: and all the       
people shall be in the courts of the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But let none come into the house of 
YHVH, save the priests, and they that minister of the Levites; they shall go    
in, for they are holy: but all the people shall keep the watch of YHVH.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites shall  
compass the king round about, every man with his weapons in his hand; and       
whosoever else cometh into the house, he shall be put to death: but be ye with  
the king when he cometh in, and when he goeth out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>So the Levites and all Judah did    
according to all things that Jehoiada the priest had commanded, and took every  
man his men that were to come in on the sabbath, with them that were to go out  
on the sabbath: for Jehoiada the priest dismissed not the courses.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Jehoiada the       
priest delivered to the captains of hundreds spears, and bucklers, and shields, 
that had been king David's, which were in the house of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set all the        
people, every man having his weapon in his hand, from the right side of the     
temple to the left side of the temple, along by the altar and the temple, by    
the king round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then they brought out the king's son, and put upon him the crown,   
and gave him the testimony, and made him king. And Jehoiada and his sons        
anointed him, and said, Save the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when Athaliah heard the noise of the people 
running and praising the king, she came to the people into the house of         
YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
she looked, and, behold, the king stood at his pillar at the entering in, and   
the princes and the trumpets by the king: and all the people of the land        
rejoiced, and sounded with trumpets, also the singers with instruments of       
music, and such as taught to sing praise. Then Athaliah rent her clothes, and   
said, Treason, Treason.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Then Jehoiada the priest brought out the captains of hundreds that  
were set over the host, and said unto them, Have her forth of the ranges: and   
whoso followeth her, let him be slain with the sword. For the priest said, Slay 
her not in the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>  
15</H4></TD><TD><P>So they laid hands on her; and when she was come to the      
entering of the horse gate by the king's house, they slew her there.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoiada made a  
covenant between him, and between all the people, and between the king, that    
they should be YHVH's people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then all the people went to the house of Baal, and brake it  
down, and brake his altars and his images in pieces, and slew Mattan the priest 
of Baal before the altars.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>     
18</H4></TD><TD><P>Also Jehoiada appointed the offices of the house of YHVH by  
the hand of the priests the Levites, whom David had distributed in the house of 
YHVH, to offer the burnt offerings of YHVH, as it is written in the law of      
Moses, with rejoicing and with singing, as it was ordained by David.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set the       
porters at the gates of the house of YHVH, that none which was unclean in any   
thing should enter in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And he took the captains of hundreds, and the nobles, and the       
governors of the people, and all the people of the land, and brought down the   
king from the house of YHVH: and they came through the high gate into the       
king's house, and set the king upon the throne of the kingdom.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the people of the     
land rejoiced: and the city was quiet, after that they had slain Athaliah with  
the sword.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C024.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
