<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C005.htm'>Joshua 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now Jericho was straitly shut up because of the children of Israel: none went   
out, and none came in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Joshua, See, I have given into thine hand        
Jericho, and the king thereof, and the mighty men of valor.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall compass the city,  
all ye men of war, and go round about the city once. Thus shalt thou do six     
days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And      
seven priests shall bear before the ark seven trumpets of rams' horns: and the  
seventh day ye shall compass the city seven times, and the priests shall blow   
with the trumpets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And it shall come to pass, that when they make a long blast with the     
ram's horn, and when ye hear the sound of the trumpet, all the people shall     
shout with a great shout; and the wall of the city shall fall down flat, and    
the people shall ascend up every man straight before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua the son of Nun called    
the priests, and said unto them, Take up the ark of the covenant, and let seven 
priests bear seven trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of YHVH.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto the        
people, Pass on, and compass the city, and let him that is armed pass on before 
the ark of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And it came to pass, when Joshua had spoken unto the people, that the seven  
priests bearing the seven trumpets of rams' horns passed on before YHVH, and    
blew with the trumpets: and the ark of the covenant of YHVH followed them.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the armed men 
went before the priests that blew with the trumpets, and the rearward came      
after the ark, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua had       
commanded the people, saying, Ye shall not shout, nor make any noise with your  
voice, neither shall any word proceed out of your mouth, until the day I bid    
you shout; then shall ye shout.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>
11</H4></TD><TD><P>So the ark of YHVH compassed the city, going about it once:  
and they came into the camp, and lodged in the camp.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua rose early in the      
morning, and the priests took up the ark of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And seven priests bearing seven   
trumpets of rams' horns before the ark of YHVH went on continually, and blew    
with the trumpets: and the armed men went before them; but the rearward came    
after the ark of YHVH, the priests going on, and blowing with the trumpets.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the second  
day they compassed the city once, and returned into the camp: so they did six   
days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
came to pass on the seventh day, that they rose early about the dawning of the  
day, and compassed the city after the same manner seven times: only on that day 
they compassed the city seven times.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass at the seventh time, when   
the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said unto the people, Shout; for     
YHVH hath given you the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the city shall be accursed, even it, and all that are    
therein, to YHVH: only Rahab the harlot shall live, she and all that are with   
her in the house, because she hid the messengers that we sent.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye, in any wise keep      
yourselves from the accursed thing, lest ye make yourselves accursed, when ye   
take of the accursed thing, and make the camp of Israel a curse, and trouble    
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>But all  
the silver, and gold, and vessels of brass and iron, are consecrated unto YHVH: 
they shall come into the treasury of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>So the people shouted when the priests blew     
with the trumpets: and it came to pass, when the people heard the sound of the  
trumpet, and the people shouted with a great shout, that the wall fell down     
flat, so that the people went up into the city, every man straight before him,  
and they took the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And they utterly destroyed all that was in the city, both man and   
woman, young and old, and ox, and sheep, and ass, with the edge of the          
sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
Joshua had said unto the two men that had spied out the country, Go into the    
harlot's house, and bring out thence the woman, and all that she hath, as ye    
sware unto her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the young men that were spies went in, and brought out Rahab, and her    
father, and her mother, and her brethren, and all that she had; and they        
brought out all her kindred, and left them without the camp of Israel.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they burnt the   
city with fire, and all that was therein: only the silver, and the gold, and    
the vessels of brass and of iron, they put into the treasury of the house of    
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Joshua saved Rahab the harlot alive, and her father's household, and all that   
she had; and she dwelleth in Israel even unto this day; because she hid the     
messengers, which Joshua sent to spy out Jericho.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua adjured them at that   
time, saying, Cursed be the man before YHVH, that riseth up and buildeth this   
city Jericho: he shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his  
youngest son shall he set up the gates of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>So YHVH was with Joshua; and his fame was    
noised throughout all the country.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is    
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B06C007.htm'>Joshua 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
