<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 61 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C060.htm'>Isaiah 60</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 61</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The Spirit of the ADONAY YHVH is upon me; because YHVH hath   
anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek; he hath sent me to bind up    
the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the  
prison to them that are bound;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>  
2</H4></TD><TD><P>To proclaim the acceptable year of YHVH, and the day of       
vengeance of our ELOHIYM; to comfort all that mourn;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>To appoint unto them that mourn in  
Zion, to give unto them beauty for ashes, the oil of joy for mourning, the      
garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness; that they might be called trees  
of righteousness, the planting of YHVH, that he might be glorified.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall build   
the old wastes, they shall raise up the former desolations, and they shall      
repair the waste cities, the desolations of many generations.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And strangers shall stand and   
feed your flocks, and the sons of the alien shall be your plowmen and your      
vinedressers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P> 
But ye shall be named the Priests of YHVH: men shall call you the Ministers of  
our ELOHIYM: ye shall eat the riches of the Gentiles, and in their glory shall  
ye boast yourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For your shame ye shall have double; and for confusion they shall        
rejoice in their portion: therefore in their land they shall possess the        
double: everlasting joy shall be unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For I YHVH love judgment, I hate robbery for      
burnt offering; and I will direct their work in truth, and I will make an       
everlasting covenant with them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And their seed shall be known among the Gentiles, and their   
offspring among the people: all that see them shall acknowledge them, that they 
are the seed which YHVH hath blessed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>I will greatly rejoice in YHVH, my soul shall   
be joyful in my ELOHIYM; for he hath clothed me with the garments of salvation, 
he hath covered me with the robe of righteousness, as a bridegroom decketh      
himself with ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with her jewels.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For as the      
earth bringeth forth her bud, and as the garden causeth the things that are     
sown in it to spring forth; so the ADONAY YHVH will cause righteousness and     
praise to spring forth before all the nations.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This    
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B23C062.htm'>Isaiah 62</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
