<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C002.htm'>2nd Samuel 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now there was long war between the house of Saul and the house of David: 
but David waxed stronger and stronger, and the house of Saul waxed weaker and   
weaker.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
unto David were sons born in Hebron: and his firstborn was Amnon, of Ahinoam    
the Jezreelitess;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And his second, Chileab, of Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelite; and the 
third, Absalom the son of Maacah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur;</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the fourth,        
Adonijah the son of Haggith; and the fifth, Shephatiah the son of Abital;</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sixth,    
Ithream, by Eglah David's wife. These were born to David in Hebron.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass,   
while there was war between the house of Saul and the house of David, that      
Abner made himself strong for the house of Saul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul had a concubine, whose     
name was Rizpah, the daughter of Aiah: and Ishbosheth said to Abner, Wherefore  
hast thou gone in unto my father's concubine?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then was Abner very wroth for the words of     
Ishbosheth, and said, Am I a dog's head, which against Judah do show kindness   
this day unto the house of Saul thy father, to his brethren, and to his         
friends, and have not delivered thee into the hand of David, that thou chargest 
me to day with a fault concerning this woman?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So do ELOHIYM to Abner, and more also, except, 
as YHVH hath sworn to David, even so I do to him;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>To translate the kingdom from the 
house of Saul, and to set up the throne of David over Israel and over Judah,    
from Dan even to Beersheba.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>    
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he could not answer Abner a word again, because he       
feared him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Abner sent messengers to David on his behalf, saying, Whose is the land?    
saying also, Make thy league with me, and, behold, my hand shall be with thee,  
to bring about all Israel unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Well; I will make a league with    
thee: but one thing I require of thee, that is, Thou shalt not see my face,     
except thou first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my      
face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
David sent messengers to Ishbosheth Saul's son, saying, Deliver me my wife      
Michal, which I espoused to me for an hundred foreskins of the Philistines.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ishbosheth  
sent, and took her from her husband, even from Phaltiel the son of Laish.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And her husband 
went with her along weeping behind her to Bahurim. Then said Abner unto him,    
Go, return. And he returned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>   
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner had communication with the elders of Israel,       
saying, Ye sought for David in times past to be king over you:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Now then do it: for YHVH hath 
spoken of David, saying, By the hand of my servant David I will save my people  
Israel out of the hand of the Philistines, and out of the hand of all their     
enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Abner also spake in the ears of Benjamin: and Abner went also to speak in the   
ears of David in Hebron all that seemed good to Israel, and that seemed good to 
the whole house of Benjamin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>   
20</H4></TD><TD><P>So Abner came to David to Hebron, and twenty men with him.   
And David made Abner and the men that were with him a feast.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abner said unto David, I  
will arise and go, and will gather all Israel unto my lord the king, that they  
may make a league with thee, and that thou mayest reign over all that thine     
heart desireth. And David sent Abner away; and he went in peace.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, the servants 
of David and Joab came from pursuing a troop, and brought in a great spoil with 
them: but Abner was not with David in Hebron; for he had sent him away, and he  
was gone in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>When Joab and all the host that was with him were come, they told Joab,  
saying, Abner the son of Ner came to the king, and he hath sent him away, and   
he is gone in peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then Joab came to the king, and said, What hast thou done? behold,  
Abner came unto thee; why is it that thou hast sent him away, and he is quite   
gone?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou   
knowest Abner the son of Ner, that he came to deceive thee, and to know thy     
going out and thy coming in, and to know all that thou doest.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Joab was come out    
from David, he sent messengers after Abner, which brought him again from the    
well of Sirah: but David knew it not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Abner was returned to Hebron, Joab     
took him aside in the gate to speak with him quietly, and smote him there under 
the fifth rib, that he died, for the blood of Asahel his brother.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And afterward when David  
heard it, he said, I and my kingdom are guiltless before YHVH for ever from the 
blood of Abner the son of Ner:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4> 
29</H4></TD><TD><P>Let it rest on the head of Joab, and on all his father's     
house; and let there not fail from the house of Joab one that hath an issue, or 
that is a leper, or that leaneth on a staff, or that falleth on the sword, or   
that lacketh bread.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>
<TD><P>So Joab, and Abishai his brother slew Abner, because he had slain their  
brother Asahel at Gibeon in the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And David said to Joab, and to all the people   
that were with him, Rend your clothes, and gird you with sackcloth, and mourn   
before Abner. And king David himself followed the bier.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And they buried Abner in Hebron:  
and the king lifted up his voice, and wept at the grave of Abner; and all the   
people wept.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the king lamented over Abner, and said, Died Abner as a fool dieth?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy hands were not   
bound, nor thy feet put into fetters: as a man falleth before wicked men, so    
fellest thou. And all the people wept again over him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the people came to   
cause David to eat meat while it was yet day, David sware, saying, So do        
ELOHIYM to me, and more also, if I taste bread, or ought else, till the sun be  
down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
all the people took notice of it, and it pleased them: as whatsoever the king   
did pleased all the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>    
37</H4></TD><TD><P>For all the people and all Israel understood that day that   
it was not of the king to slay Abner the son of Ner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said unto his        
servants, Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day in 
Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
I am this day weak, though anointed king; and these men the sons of Zeruiah be  
too hard for me: YHVH shall reward the doer of evil according to his            
wickedness.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. 
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B10C004.htm'>2nd Samuel 4</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
