<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 12 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C011.htm'>2nd Kings 11</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In the seventh year of Jehu Jehoash began to reign; and forty years      
reigned he in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Zibiah of Beersheba.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoash did that   
which was right in the sight of YHVH all his days wherein Jehoiada the priest   
instructed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>But the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and     
burnt incense in the high places.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>   
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoash said to the priests, All the money of the     
dedicated things that is brought into the house of YHVH, even the money of      
every one that passeth the account, the money that every man is set at, and all 
the money that cometh into any man's heart to bring into the house of YHVH,</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Let the priests   
take it to them, every man of his acquaintance: and let them repair the         
breaches of the house, wheresoever any breach shall be found.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But it was so, that in the      
three and twentieth year of king Jehoash the priests had not repaired the       
breaches of the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then king Jehoash called for Jehoiada the priest, and the other     
priests, and said unto them, Why repair ye not the breaches of the house? now   
therefore receive no more money of your acquaintance, but deliver it for the    
breaches of the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the priests consented to receive no more money of the people,   
neither to repair the breaches of the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and bored a 
hole in the lid of it, and set it beside the altar, on the right side as one    
cometh into the house of YHVH: and the priests that kept the door put therein   
all the money that was brought into the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was so, when they saw that 
there was much money in the chest, that the king's scribe and the high priest   
came up, and they put up in bags, and told the money that was found in the      
house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And they gave the money, being told, into the hands of them that did the     
work, that had the oversight of the house of YHVH: and they laid it out to the  
carpenters and builders, that wrought upon the house of YHVH,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And to masons, and hewers of  
stone, and to buy timber and hewed stone to repair the breaches of the house of 
YHVH, and for all that was laid out for the house to repair it.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit there were not    
made for the house of YHVH bowls of silver, snuffers, basins, trumpets, any     
vessels of gold, or vessels of silver, of the money that was brought into the   
house of YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But they gave that to the workmen, and repaired therewith the house of       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Moreover they reckoned not with the men, into whose hand they delivered the     
money to be bestowed on workmen: for they dealt faithfully.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The trespass money and sin    
money was not brought into the house of YHVH: it was the priests'.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Hazael king of Syria 
went up, and fought against Gath, and took it: and Hazael set his face to go up 
to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Jehoash king of Judah took all the hallowed things that Jehoshaphat, and 
Jehoram, and Ahaziah, his fathers, kings of Judah, had dedicated, and his own   
hallowed things, and all the gold that was found in the treasures of the house  
of YHVH, and in the king's house, and sent it to Hazael king of Syria: and he   
went away from Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>      
19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the rest of the acts of Joash, and all that he did, are  
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And his servants     
arose, and made a conspiracy, and slew Joash in the house of Millo, which goeth 
down to Silla.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>For Jozachar the son of Shimeath, and Jehozabad the son of Shomer, his       
servants, smote him, and he died; and they buried him with his fathers in the   
city of David: and Amaziah his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B12C013.htm'>2nd Kings 13</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
