<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 37 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C036.htm'>Jeremiah 36</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 37</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Zedekiah the son of    
Josiah reigned instead of Coniah the son of Jehoiakim, whom Nebuchadrezzar king 
of Babylon made king in the land of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But neither he, nor his servants, nor the people  
of the land, did hearken unto the words of YHVH, which he spake by the prophet  
Jeremiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Zedekiah the king sent Jehucal the son of Shelemiah and Zephaniah the son of    
Maaseiah the priest to the prophet Jeremiah, saying, Pray now unto YHVH our     
ELOHIYM for us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Now Jeremiah came in and went out among the people: for they had not put him 
into prison.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then Pharaoh's army was come forth out of Egypt: and when the Chaldeans that    
besieged Jerusalem heard tidings of them, they departed from Jerusalem.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the word of  
YHVH unto the prophet Jeremiah saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Thus      
shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me;      
Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt  
into their own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the Chaldeans shall come again, and fight against this city, and     
take it, and burn it with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Deceive not yourselves, saying, The          
Chaldeans shall surely depart from us: for they shall not depart.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For though ye had smitten 
the whole army of the Chaldeans that fight against you, and there remained but  
wounded men among them, yet should they rise up every man in his tent, and burn 
this city with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that when the army of the Chaldeans was broken 
up from Jerusalem for fear of Pharaoh's army,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jeremiah went forth out of Jerusalem to 
go into the land of Benjamin, to separate himself thence in the midst of the    
people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
when he was in the gate of Benjamin, a captain of the ward was there, whose     
name was Irijah, the son of Shelemiah, the son of Hananiah; and he took         
Jeremiah the prophet, saying, Thou fallest away to the Chaldeans.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Jeremiah, It is 
false; I fall not away to the Chaldeans. But he hearkened not to him: so Irijah 
took Jeremiah, and brought him to the princes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore the princes were wroth with        
Jeremiah, and smote him, and put him in prison in the house of Jonathan the     
scribe: for they had made that the prison.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>When Jeremiah was entered into the dungeon, and 
into the cabins, and Jeremiah had remained there many days;</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zedekiah the king sent,  
and took him out: and the king asked him secretly in his house, and said, Is    
there any word from YHVH? And Jeremiah said, There is: for, said he, thou shalt 
be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Jeremiah said unto king  
Zedekiah, What have I offended against thee, or against thy servants, or        
against this people, that ye have put me in prison?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Where are now your prophets which 
prophesied unto you, saying, The king of Babylon shall not come against you,    
nor against this land?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Therefore hear now, I pray thee, O my lord the king: let my         
supplication, I pray thee, be accepted before thee; that thou cause me not to   
return to the house of Jonathan the scribe, lest I die there.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Zedekiah the king        
commanded that they should commit Jeremiah into the court of the prison, and    
that they should give him daily a piece of bread out of the bakers' street,     
until all the bread in the city were spent. Thus Jeremiah remained in the court 
of the prison.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C038.htm'>Jeremiah 38</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
