<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 24 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C023.htm'>Deuteronomy 23</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>When a man hath taken a wife,   
and married her, and it come to pass that she find no favor in his eyes,        
because he hath found some uncleanness in her: then let him write her a bill of 
divorcement, and give it in her hand, and send her out of his house.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And when she is        
departed out of his house, she may go and be another man's wife.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the latter husband   
hate her, and write her a bill of divorcement, and giveth it in her hand, and   
sendeth her out of his house; or if the latter husband die, which took her to   
be his wife;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Her former husband, which sent her away, may not take her again to be his wife, 
after that she is defiled; for that is abomination before YHVH: and thou shalt  
not cause the land to sin, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee for an            
inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
When a man hath taken a new wife, he shall not go out to war, neither shall he  
be charged with any business: but he shall be free at home one year, and shall  
cheer up his wife which he hath taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>No man shall take the nether or the upper         
millstone to pledge: for he taketh a man's life to pledge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>If a man be found stealing any of   
his brethren of the children of Israel, and maketh merchandise of him, or       
selleth him; then that thief shall die; and thou shalt put evil away from among 
you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed 
in the plague of leprosy, that thou observe diligently, and do according to all 
that the priests the Levites shall teach you: as I commanded them, so ye shall  
observe to do.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>
Remember what YHVH thy ELOHIYM did unto Miriam by the way, after that ye were   
come forth out of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4>
</TD><TD><P>When thou dost lend thy brother any thing, thou shalt not go into   
his house to fetch his pledge.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4> 
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt stand abroad, and the man to whom thou dost lend  
shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the man be poor, thou shalt not sleep    
with his pledge:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>In any case thou shalt deliver him the pledge again when the sun goeth   
down, that he may sleep in his own raiment, and bless thee: and it shall be     
righteousness unto thee before YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not oppress an hired   
servant that is poor and needy, whether he be of thy brethren, or of thy        
strangers that are in thy land within thy gates:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>At his day thou shalt give him    
his hire, neither shall the sun go down upon it; for he is poor, and setteth    
his heart upon it: lest he cry against thee unto YHVH, and it be sin unto       
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The    
fathers shall not be put to death for the children, neither shall the children  
be put to death for the fathers: every man shall be put to death for his own    
sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou    
shalt not pervert the judgment of the stranger, nor of the fatherless; nor take 
a widow's raiment to pledge:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in Egypt,   
and YHVH thy ELOHIYM redeemed thee thence: therefore I command thee to do this  
thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>When  
thou cuttest down thine harvest in thy field, and hast forgot a sheaf in the    
field, thou shalt not go again to fetch it: it shall be for the stranger, for   
the fatherless, and for the widow: that YHVH thy ELOHIYM may bless thee in all  
the work of thine hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>When thou beatest thine olive tree, thou shalt not go over the      
boughs again: it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the     
widow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>When  
thou gatherest the grapes of thy vineyard, thou shalt not glean it afterward:   
it shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the widow.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt       
remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of Egypt: therefore I command     
thee to do this thing.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C025.htm'>Deuteronomy 25</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
