<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C001.htm'>Jeremiah 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to  
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the word of YHVH came to me, saying,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Go and cry in the ears of   
Jerusalem, saying, Thus saith YHVH; I remember thee, the kindness of thy youth, 
the love of thine espousals, when thou wentest after me in the wilderness, in a 
land that was not sown.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Israel was holiness unto YHVH, and the firstfruits of his increase: 
all that devour him shall offend; evil shall come upon them, saith YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Hear ye the word  
of YHVH, O house of Jacob, and all the families of the house of Israel:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, What  
iniquity have your fathers found in me, that they are gone far from me, and     
have walked after vanity, and are become vain?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither said they, Where is YHVH that brought  
us up out of the land of Egypt, that led us through the wilderness, through a   
land of deserts and of pits, through a land of drought, and of the shadow of    
death, through a land that no man passed through, and where no man dwelt?</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I brought you 
into a plentiful country, to eat the fruit thereof and the goodness thereof;    
but when ye entered, ye defiled my land, and made mine heritage an              
abomination.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
The priests said not, Where is YHVH? and they that handle the law knew me not:  
the pastors also transgressed against me, and the prophets prophesied by Baal,  
and walked after things that do not profit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore I will yet plead with you, saith YHVH,  
and with your children's children will I plead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For pass over the isles of Chittim, and see; 
and send unto Kedar, and consider diligently, and see if there be such a        
thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Hath  
a nation changed their gods, which are yet no gods? but my people have changed  
their glory for that which doth not profit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Be astonished, O ye heavens, at this, and be    
horribly afraid, be ye very desolate, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For my people have committed two  
evils; they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters, and hewed them out  
cisterns, broken cisterns, that can hold no water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Is Israel a servant? is he a      
homeborn slave? why is he spoiled?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>The young lions roared upon him, and yelled, and they    
made his land waste: his cities are burned without inhabitant.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Also the children of Noph and 
Tahapanes have broken the crown of thy head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Hast thou not procured this unto thyself, in    
that thou hast forsaken YHVH thy ELOHIYM, when he led thee by the way?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And now what hast    
thou to do in the way of Egypt, to drink the waters of Sihor? or what hast thou 
to do in the way of Assyria, to drink the waters of the river?</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Thine own wickedness shall    
correct thee, and thy backslidings shall reprove thee: know therefore and see   
that it is an evil thing and bitter, that thou hast forsaken YHVH thy ELOHIYM,  
and that my fear is not in thee, saith the ADONAY YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For of old time I have    
broken thy yoke, and burst thy bands; and thou saidst, I will not transgress;   
when upon every high hill and under every green tree thou wanderest, playing    
the harlot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Yet I had planted thee a noble vine, wholly a right seed: how then art thou     
turned into the degenerate plant of a strange vine unto me?</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For though thou wash thee     
with nitre, and take thee much soap, yet thine iniquity is marked before me,    
saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>How canst thou say, I am not polluted, I have not gone after        
Baalim? see thy way in the valley, know what thou hast done: thou art a swift   
dromedary traversing her ways;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4> 
24</H4></TD><TD><P>A wild ass used to the wilderness, that snuffeth up the wind 
at her pleasure; in her occasion who can turn her away? all they that seek her  
will not weary themselves; in her month they shall find her.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Withhold thy foot from being  
unshod, and thy throat from thirst: but thou saidst, There is no hope: no; for  
I have loved strangers, and after them will I go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>As the thief is ashamed when he   
is found, so is the house of Israel ashamed; they, their kings, their princes,  
and their priests, and their prophets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Saying to a stock, Thou art my father; and to a 
stone, Thou hast brought me forth: for they have turned their back unto me, and 
not their face: but in the time of their trouble they will say, Arise, and save 
us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But      
where are thy gods that thou hast made thee? let them arise, if they can save   
thee in the time of thy trouble: for according to the number of thy cities are  
thy gods, O Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Wherefore will ye plead with me? ye all have transgressed against me,    
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P> 
In vain have I smitten your children; they received no correction: your own     
sword hath devoured your prophets, like a destroying lion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>O generation, see ye the word of  
YHVH. Have I been a wilderness unto Israel? a land of darkness? wherefore say   
my people, We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Can a maid forget her ornaments,  
or a bride her attire? yet my people have forgotten me days without number.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Why trimmest    
thou thy way to seek love? therefore hast thou also taught the wicked ones thy  
ways.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Also   
in thy skirts is found the blood of the souls of the poor innocents: I have not 
found it by secret search, but upon all these.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet thou sayest, Because I am innocent,      
surely his anger shall turn from me. Behold, I will plead with thee, because    
thou sayest, I have not sinned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>
36</H4></TD><TD><P>Why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way? thou also  
shalt be ashamed of Egypt, as thou wast ashamed of Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, thou shalt go forth from 
him, and thine hands upon thine head: for YHVH hath rejected thy confidences,   
and thou shalt not prosper in them.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is   
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C003.htm'>Jeremiah 3</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
