<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James           
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B15C010.htm'>Ezra 10</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of       
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
The words of Nehemiah the son of Hachaliah. And it came to pass in the month    
Chisleu, in the twentieth year, as I was in Shushan the palace,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That Hanani, one of my      
brethren, came, he and certain men of Judah; and I asked them concerning the    
Jews that had escaped, which were left of the captivity, and concerning         
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they said unto me, The remnant that are left of the captivity there in the      
province are in great affliction and reproach: the wall of Jerusalem also is    
broken down, and the gates thereof are burned with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when I heard   
these words, that I sat down and wept, and mourned certain days, and fasted,    
and prayed before the ELOHIYM of heaven,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And said, I beseech thee, O YHVH ELOHIYM of       
heaven, the great and terrible EL, that keepeth covenant and mercy for them     
that love him and observe his commandments:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Let thine ear now be attentive, and thine eyes    
open, that thou mayest hear the prayer of thy servant, which I pray before thee 
now, day and night, for the children of Israel thy servants, and confess the    
sins of the children of Israel, which we have sinned against thee: both I and   
my father's house have sinned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>We have dealt very corruptly against thee, and have not kept  
the commandments, nor the statutes, nor the judgments, which thou commandedst   
thy servant Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Remember, I beseech thee, the word that thou commandedst thy servant     
Moses, saying, If ye transgress, I will scatter you abroad among the            
nations:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
if ye turn unto me, and keep my commandments, and do them; though there were of 
you cast out unto the uttermost part of the heaven, yet will I gather them from 
thence, and will bring them unto the place that I have chosen to set my name    
there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now   
these are thy servants and thy people, whom thou hast redeemed by thy great     
power, and by thy strong hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4> 
11</H4></TD><TD><P>O ADONAY, I beseech thee, let now thine ear be attentive to  
the prayer of thy servant, and to the prayer of thy servants, who desire to     
fear thy name: and prosper, I pray thee, thy servant this day, and grant him    
mercy in the sight of this man. For I was the king's cupbearer.</P></TD></TR>   
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B16C002.htm'>Nehemiah 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
