<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 2 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C001.htm'>Revelation 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 2</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus write; These things saith he     
that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand, who walketh in the midst of the 
seven golden candlesticks;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>
</TD><TD><P>I know thy works, and thy labour, and thy patience, and how thou    
canst not bear them which are evil: and thou hast tried them which say they are 
apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And hast borne, and hast patience,  
and for my name's sake hast laboured, and hast not fainted.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless I have somewhat    
against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Remember therefore from whence thou 
art fallen, and repent, and do the first works; or else I will come unto thee   
quickly, and will remove thy candlestick out of his place, except thou          
repent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
this thou hast, that thou hatest the deeds of the Nicolaitanes, which I also    
hate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>He that  
hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that  
overcometh will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the 
paradise of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And unto the angel of the church in Smyrna write; These things saith the 
first and the last, which was dead, and is alive;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>I know thy works, and tribulation,  
and poverty, (but thou art rich) and I know the blasphemy of them which say     
they are Jews, and are not, but are the synagogue of Satan.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Fear none of those things     
which thou shalt suffer: behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison,  
that ye may be tried; and ye shall have tribulation ten days: be thou faithful  
unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>He that hath an ear, let him hear 
what the Spirit saith unto the churches; He that overcometh shall not be hurt   
of the second death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And to the angel of the church in Pergamos write; These things      
saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>I know thy works, and where thou  
dwellest, even where Satan's seat is: and thou holdest fast my name, and hast   
not denied my faith, even in those days wherein Antipas was my faithful martyr, 
who was slain among you, where Satan dwelleth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But I have a few things against thee,        
because thou hast there them that hold the doctrine of Balaam, who taught Balac 
to cast a stumblingblock before the children of Israel, to eat things           
sacrificed unto idols, and to commit fornication.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So hast thou also them that hold  
the doctrine of the Nicolaitanes, which thing I hate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Repent; or else I will come unto  
thee quickly, and will fight against them with the sword of my mouth.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>He that hath an ear, 
let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches; To him that overcometh    
will I give to eat of the hidden manna, and will give him a white stone, and in 
the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth saving he that receiveth     
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And unto 
the angel of the church in Thyatira write; These things saith the Son of        
ELOHIYM, who hath his eyes like unto a flame of fire, and his feet are like     
fine brass;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P> 
I know thy works, and charity, and service, and faith, and thy patience, and    
thy works; and the last to be more than the first.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding I have a few      
things against thee, because thou sufferest that woman Jezebel, which calleth   
herself a prophetess, to teach and to seduce my servants to commit fornication, 
and to eat things sacrificed unto idols.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And I gave her space to repent of her           
fornication; and she repented not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22> 
<H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will cast her into a bed, and them that commit 
adultery with her into great tribulation, except they repent of their deeds.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will kill 
her children with death; and all the churches shall know that I am he which     
searcheth the reins and hearts: and I will give unto every one of you according 
to your works.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But unto you I say, and unto the rest in Thyatira, as many as have not this  
doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan, as they speak; I will   
put upon you none other burden.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>
25</H4></TD><TD><P>But that which ye have already hold fast till I come.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that     
overcometh, and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over    
the nations:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>
And he shall rule them with a rod of iron; as the vessels of a potter shall     
they be broken to shivers: even as I received of my Father.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will give him the       
morning star.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith unto the             
churches.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B66C003.htm'>Revelation 3</A>    
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
