<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 22 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C021.htm'>2nd Kings 21</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 22</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned thirty 
and one years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jedidah, the daughter of  
Adaiah of Boscath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And he did that which was right in the sight of YHVH, and walked in all  
the way of David his father, and turned not aside to the right hand or to the   
left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And it   
came to pass in the eighteenth year of king Josiah, that the king sent Shaphan  
the son of Azaliah, the son of Meshullam, the scribe, to the house of YHVH,     
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Go up  
to Hilkiah the high priest, that he may sum the silver which is brought into    
the house of YHVH, which the keepers of the door have gathered of the           
people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
let them deliver it into the hand of the doers of the work, that have the       
oversight of the house of YHVH: and let them give it to the doers of the work   
which is in the house of YHVH, to repair the breaches of the house,</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Unto carpenters, and   
builders, and masons, and to buy timber and hewn stone to repair the house.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit there was 
no reckoning made with them of the money that was delivered into their hand,    
because they dealt faithfully.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>  
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hilkiah the high priest said unto Shaphan the scribe, I   
have found the book of the law in the house of YHVH. And Hilkiah gave the book  
to Shaphan, and he read it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>     
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shaphan the scribe came to the king, and brought the king 
word again, and said, Thy servants have gathered the money that was found in    
the house, and have delivered it into the hand of them that do the work, that   
have the oversight of the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shaphan the scribe showed the king, saying, 
Hilkiah the priest hath delivered me a book. And Shaphan read it before the     
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
came to pass, when the king had heard the words of the book of the law, that he 
rent his clothes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the king commanded Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam the son of         
Shaphan, and Achbor the son of Michaiah, and Shaphan the scribe, and Asahiah a  
servant of the king's, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4> 
13</H4></TD><TD><P>Go ye, enquire of YHVH for me, and for the people, and for   
all Judah, concerning the words of this book that is found: for great is the    
wrath of YHVH that is kindled against us, because our fathers have not          
hearkened unto the words of this book, to do according unto all that which is   
written concerning us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>So Hilkiah the priest, and Ahikam, and Achbor, and Shaphan, and     
Asahiah, went unto Huldah the prophetess, the wife of Shallum the son of        
Tikvah, the son of Harhas, keeper of the wardrobe; (now she dwelt in Jerusalem  
in the college;) and they communed with her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto them, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM 
of Israel, Tell the man that sent you to me,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH, Behold, I will bring evil upon 
this place, and upon the inhabitants thereof, even all the words of the book    
which the king of Judah hath read:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they have forsaken me, and have burned incense   
unto other gods, that they might provoke me to anger with all the works of      
their hands; therefore my wrath shall be kindled against this place, and shall  
not be quenched.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But to the king of Judah which sent you to enquire of YHVH, thus shall   
ye say to him, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, As touching the words which   
thou hast heard;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Because thine heart was tender, and thou hast humbled thyself before     
YHVH, when thou heardest what I spake against this place, and against the       
inhabitants thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast 
rent thy clothes, and wept before me; I also have heard thee, saith YHVH.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold          
therefore, I will gather thee unto thy fathers, and thou shalt be gathered into 
thy grave in peace; and thine eyes shall not see all the evil which I will      
bring upon this place. And they brought the king word again.</P></TD></TR>      
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C023.htm'>2nd Kings 23</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
