<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 36 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C035.htm'>Isaiah 35</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 36</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass in the fourteenth year of king Hezekiah,  
that Sennacherib king of Assyria came up against all the defenced cities of     
Judah, and took them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the king of Assyria sent Rabshakeh from Lachish to Jerusalem unto    
king Hezekiah with a great army. And he stood by the conduit of the upper pool  
in the highway of the fuller's field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came forth unto him Eliakim, Hilkiah's son,  
which was over the house, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah, Asaph's son, the     
recorder.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Rabshakeh said unto them, Say ye now to Hezekiah, Thus saith the great king,    
the king of Assyria, What confidence is this wherein thou trustest?</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>I say, sayest thou,    
(but they are but vain words) I have counsel and strength for war: now on whom  
dost thou trust, that thou rebellest against me?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Lo, thou trustest in the staff of   
this broken reed, on Egypt; whereon if a man lean, it will go into his hand,    
and pierce it: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all that trust in him.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou say to me, 
We trust in YHVH our ELOHIYM: is it not he, whose high places and whose altars  
Hezekiah hath taken away, and said to Judah and to Jerusalem, Ye shall worship  
before this altar?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Now therefore give pledges, I pray thee, to my master the king of        
Assyria, and I will give thee two thousand horses, if thou be able on thy part  
to set riders upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>How then wilt thou turn away the face of one captain of the least   
of my master's servants, and put thy trust on Egypt for chariots and for        
horsemen?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And am I now come up without YHVH against this land to destroy it? YHVH said    
unto me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Eliakim and Shebna and  
Joah unto Rabshakeh, Speak, I pray thee, unto thy servants in the Syrian        
language; for we understand it: and speak not to us in the Jews' language, in   
the ears of the people that are on the wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But Rabshakeh said, Hath my master sent me to   
thy master and to thee to speak these words? hath he not sent me to the men     
that sit upon the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own   
piss with you?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Then Rabshakeh stood, and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and 
said, Hear ye the words of the great king, the king of Assyria.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the king, Let  
not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither let Hezekiah make 
you trust in YHVH, saying, YHVH will surely deliver us: this city shall not be  
delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Hearken not to Hezekiah: for thus saith the  
king of Assyria, Make an agreement with me by a present, and come out to me:    
and eat ye every one of his vine, and every one of his fig tree, and drink ye   
every one the waters of his own cistern;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Until I come and take you away to a land like   
your own land, a land of corn and wine, a land of bread and vineyards.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Beware lest Hezekiah 
persuade you, saying, YHVH will deliver us. Hath any of the gods of the nations 
delivered his land out of the hand of the king of Assyria?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Where are the gods of Hamath and  
Arphad? where are the gods of Sepharvaim? and have they delivered Samaria out   
of my hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Who are they among all the gods of these lands, that have delivered their land  
out of my hand, that YHVH should deliver Jerusalem out of my hand?</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But they held their       
peace, and answered him not a word: for the king's commandment was, saying,     
Answer him not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then came Eliakim, the son of Hilkiah, that was over the household, and      
Shebna the scribe, and Joah, the son of Asaph, the recorder, to Hezekiah with   
their clothes rent, and told him the words of Rabshakeh.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B23C037.htm'>Isaiah 37</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
