<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C007.htm'>Leviticus 7</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Take   
Aaron and his sons with him, and the garments, and the anointing oil, and a     
bullock for the sin offering, and two rams, and a basket of unleavened          
bread;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
gather thou all the congregation together unto the door of the tabernacle of    
the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And Moses did as YHVH commanded him; and the assembly was gathered together  
unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto the             
congregation, This is the thing which YHVH commanded to be done.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses brought Aaron and 
his sons, and washed them with water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he put upon him the coat, and girded him with 
the girdle, and clothed him with the robe, and put the ephod upon him, and he   
girded him with the curious girdle of the ephod, and bound it unto him          
therewith.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he put the breastplate upon him: also he put in the breastplate the Urim and    
the Thummim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he put the mitre upon his head; also upon the mitre, even upon his          
forefront, did he put the golden plate, the holy crown; as YHVH commanded       
Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Moses took the anointing oil, and anointed the tabernacle and all that was      
therein, and sanctified them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>  
11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times, and     
anointed the altar and all his vessels, both the laver and his foot, to         
sanctify them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And he poured of the anointing oil upon Aaron's head, and anointed him, to   
sanctify him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Moses brought Aaron's sons, and put coats upon them, and girded them     
with girdles, and put bonnets upon them; as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought the        
bullock for the sin offering: and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the  
head of the bullock for the sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And he slew it; and Moses took the blood, and   
put it upon the horns of the altar round about with his finger, and purified    
the altar, and poured the blood at the bottom of the altar, and sanctified it,  
to make reconciliation upon it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took all the fat that was upon the inwards, and the   
caul above the liver, and the two kidneys, and their fat, and Moses burned it   
upon the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>
<P>But the bullock, and his hide, his flesh, and his dung, he burnt with fire   
without the camp; as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought the ram for the burnt offering:  
and Aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he killed it; and     
Moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he cut the ram into pieces;   
and Moses burnt the head, and the pieces, and the fat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And he washed the inwards and the 
legs in water; and Moses burnt the whole ram upon the altar: it was a burnt     
sacrifice for a sweet savor, and an offering made by fire unto YHVH; as YHVH    
commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And he brought the other ram, the ram of consecration: and Aaron and his 
sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And he slew it; and Moses took of the blood  
of it, and put it upon the tip of Aaron's right ear, and upon the thumb of his  
right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he brought Aaron's sons, and  
Moses put of the blood upon the tip of their right ear, and upon the thumbs of  
their right hands, and upon the great toes of their right feet: and Moses       
sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took the fat, and the rump, and all   
the fat that was upon the inwards, and the caul above the liver, and the two    
kidneys, and their fat, and the right shoulder:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And out of the basket of unleavened bread,   
that was before YHVH, he took one unleavened cake, and a cake of oiled bread,   
and one wafer, and put them on the fat, and upon the right shoulder:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And he put all upon  
Aaron's hands, and upon his sons' hands, and waved them for a wave offering     
before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Moses took them from off their hands, and burnt them on the altar upon the  
burnt offering: they were consecrations for a sweet savor: it is an offering    
made by fire unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And Moses took the breast, and waved it for a wave offering before  
YHVH: for of the ram of consecration it was Moses' part; as YHVH commanded      
Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Moses took of the anointing oil, and of the blood which was upon the altar, and 
sprinkled it upon Aaron, and upon his garments, and upon his sons, and upon his 
sons' garments with him; and sanctified Aaron, and his garments, and his sons,  
and his sons' garments with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>   
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto Aaron and to his sons, Boil the      
flesh at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and there eat it with  
the bread that is in the basket of consecrations, as I commanded, saying, Aaron 
and his sons shall eat it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>     
32</H4></TD><TD><P>And that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall 
ye burn with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And ye shall not go out of the door of the tabernacle of the             
congregation in seven days, until the days of your consecration be at an end:   
for seven days shall he consecrate you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>As he hath done this day, so YHVH hath          
commanded to do, to make an atonement for you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall ye abide at the door of the  
tabernacle of the congregation day and night seven days, and keep the charge of 
YHVH, that ye die not: for so I am commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>So Aaron and his sons did all things which   
YHVH commanded by the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is  
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B03C009.htm'>Leviticus 9</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
