<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C013.htm'>Joshua 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And these are the countries which the children of Israel inherited in the land  
of Canaan, which Eleazar the priest, and Joshua the son of Nun, and the heads   
of the fathers of the tribes of the children of Israel, distributed for         
inheritance to them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>By lot was their inheritance, as YHVH commanded by the hand of Moses,    
for the nine tribes, and for the half tribe.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For Moses had given the inheritance of two tribes 
and an half tribe on the other side Jordan: but unto the Levites he gave none   
inheritance among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>For the children of Joseph were two tribes, Manasseh and Ephraim:   
therefore they gave no part unto the Levites in the land, save cities to dwell  
in, with their suburbs for their cattle and for their substance.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>As YHVH commanded Moses, so 
the children of Israel did, and they divided the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the children of Judah came     
unto Joshua in Gilgal: and Caleb the son of Jephunneh the Kenezite said unto    
him, Thou knowest the thing that YHVH said unto Moses the man of ELOHIYM        
concerning me and thee in Kadeshbarnea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Forty years old was I when Moses the servant of   
YHVH sent me from Kadeshbarnea to espy out the land; and I brought him word     
again as it was in mine heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>  
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart  
of the people melt: but I wholly followed YHVH my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses sware on that day,        
saying, Surely the land whereon thy feet have trodden shall be thine            
inheritance, and thy children's for ever, because thou hast wholly followed     
YHVH my ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And now, behold, YHVH hath kept me alive, as he said, these forty and    
five years, even since YHVH spake this word unto Moses, while the children of   
Israel wandered in the wilderness: and now, lo, I am this day fourscore and     
five years old.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>As yet I am as strong this day as I was in the day that Moses sent me: as my 
strength was then, even so is my strength now, for war, both to go out, and to  
come in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now 
therefore give me this mountain, whereof YHVH spake in that day; for thou       
heardest in that day how the Anakims were there, and that the cities were great 
and fenced: if so be YHVH will be with me, then I shall be able to drive them   
out, as YHVH said.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Joshua blessed him, and gave unto Caleb the son of Jephunneh Hebron  
for an inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Hebron therefore became the inheritance of Caleb the son of Jephunneh    
the Kenezite unto this day, because that he wholly followed YHVH ELOHIYM of     
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the name of Hebron before was Kirjatharba; which Arba was a great man among the 
Anakims. And the land had rest from war.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software 
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B06C015.htm'>Joshua 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
