<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 32 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C031.htm'>Exodus 31</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 32</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the people saw that Moses delayed to     
come down out of the mount, the people gathered themselves together unto Aaron, 
and said unto him, Up, make us gods, which shall go before us; for as for this  
Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is  
become of him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Aaron said unto them, Break off the golden earrings, which are in the ears  
of your wives, of your sons, and of your daughters, and bring them unto me.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the       
people brake off the golden earrings which were in their ears, and brought them 
unto Aaron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And he received them at their hand, and fashioned it with a graving tool, after 
he had made it a molten calf: and they said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which 
brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Aaron saw it, he built an altar before   
it; and Aaron made proclamation, and said, To morrow is a feast to YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rose up  
early on the morrow, and offered burnt offerings, and brought peace offerings;  
and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses,   
Go, get thee down; for thy people, which thou broughtest out of the land of     
Egypt, have corrupted themselves:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>   
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>They have turned aside quickly out of the way which I     
commanded them: they have made them a molten calf, and have worshipped it, and  
have sacrificed thereunto, and said, These be thy gods, O Israel, which have    
brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, I have seen this        
people, and, behold, it is a stiffnecked people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore let me alone, that  
my wrath may wax hot against them, and that I may consume them: and I will make 
of thee a great nation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And Moses besought YHVH his ELOHIYM, and said, YHVH, why doth thy   
wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land 
of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore should the Egyptians    
speak, and say, For mischief did he bring them out, to slay them in the         
mountains, and to consume them from the face of the earth? Turn from thy fierce 
wrath, and repent of this evil against thy people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Remember Abraham, Isaac, and      
Israel, thy servants, to whom thou swarest by thine own self, and saidst unto   
them, I will multiply your seed as the stars of heaven, and all this land that  
I have spoken of will I give unto your seed, and they shall inherit it for      
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
YHVH repented of the evil which he thought to do unto his people.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses turned, and     
went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand: 
the tables were written on both their sides; on the one side and on the other   
were they written.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the tables were the work of ELOHIYM, and the writing was the writing 
of ELOHIYM, graven upon the tables.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Joshua heard the noise of the people as they    
shouted, he said unto Moses, There is a noise of war in the camp.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, It is not    
the voice of them that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that  
cry for being overcome: but the noise of them that sing do I hear.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as   
soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and  
Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them 
beneath the mount.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt it in the fire, and  
ground it to powder, and strewed it upon the water, and made the children of    
Israel drink of it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou     
hast brought so great a sin upon them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord    
wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they are set on mischief.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>For they said unto me,    
Make us gods, which shall go before us: for as for this Moses, the man that     
brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And I said unto 
them, Whosoever hath any gold, let them break it off. So they gave it me: then  
I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Moses saw that the       
people were naked; (for Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their  
enemies:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said, Who is on YHVH's side? let  
him come unto me. And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together unto    
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
said unto them, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, Put every man his sword by   
his side, and go in and out from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay     
every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his           
neighbor.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the children of Levi did according to the word of Moses: and there fell of  
the people that day about three thousand men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>For Moses had said, Consecrate yourselves    
today to YHVH, even every man upon his son, and upon his brother; that he may   
bestow upon you a blessing this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the morrow, that Moses   
said unto the people, Ye have sinned a great sin: and now I will go up unto     
YHVH; peradventure I shall make an atonement for your sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses returned unto YHVH, and 
said, Oh, this people have sinned a great sin, and have made them gods of       
gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet    
now, if thou wilt forgive their sin--; and if not, blot me, I pray thee, out of 
thy book which thou hast written.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33>  
<H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Whosoever hath sinned against  
me, him will I blot out of my book.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore now go, lead the people unto the place of      
which I have spoken unto thee: behold, mine Angel shall go before thee:         
nevertheless in the day when I visit I will visit their sin upon them.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH plagued the 
people, because they made the calf, which Aaron made.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B02C033.htm'>Exodus 33</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
