<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C003.htm'>Leviticus 3</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,          
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak  
unto the children of Israel, saying, If a soul shall sin through ignorance      
against any of the commandments of YHVH concerning things which ought not to be 
done, and shall do against any of them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>If the priest that is anointed do sin according   
to the sin of the people; then let him bring for his sin, which he hath sinned, 
a young bullock without blemish unto YHVH for a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall bring the bullock  
unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation before YHVH; and shall lay  
his hand upon the bullock's head, and kill the bullock before YHVH.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest that is 
anointed shall take of the bullock's blood, and bring it to the tabernacle of   
the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle of the blood  
seven times before YHVH, before the vail of the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall put some of    
the blood upon the horns of the altar of sweet incense before YHVH, which is in 
the tabernacle of the congregation; and shall pour all the blood of the bullock 
at the bottom of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the   
tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4> 
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take off from it all the fat of the bullock for  
the sin offering; the fat that covereth the inwards, and all the fat that is    
upon the inwards,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And the two kidneys, and the fat that is upon them, which is by the flanks,  
and the caul above the liver, with the kidneys, it shall he take away,</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>As it was taken off  
from the bullock of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the priest shall burn 
them upon the altar of the burnt offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the skin of the bullock, and all his flesh, 
with his head, and with his legs, and his inwards, and his dung,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Even the whole bullock    
shall he carry forth without the camp unto a clean place, where the ashes are   
poured out, and burn him on the wood with fire: where the ashes are poured out  
shall he be burnt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And if the whole congregation of Israel sin through ignorance, and the   
thing be hid from the eyes of the assembly, and they have done somewhat against 
any of the commandments of YHVH concerning things which should not be done, and 
are guilty;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P> 
When the sin, which they have sinned against it, is known, then the             
congregation shall offer a young bullock for the sin, and bring him before the  
tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands     
upon the head of the bullock before YHVH: and the bullock shall be killed       
before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the priest that is anointed shall bring of the bullock's blood to the       
tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall dip his finger in some of the blood,    
and sprinkle it seven times before YHVH, even before the vail.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall put some of the  
blood upon the horns of the altar which is before YHVH, that is in the          
tabernacle of the congregation, and shall pour out all the blood at the bottom  
of the altar of the burnt offering, which is at the door of the tabernacle of   
the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he shall take all his fat from him, and burn it upon the altar.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall do 
with the bullock as he did with the bullock for a sin offering, so shall he do  
with this: and the priest shall make an atonement for them, and it shall be     
forgiven them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp, and burn him as he    
burned the first bullock: it is a sin offering for the congregation.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>When a ruler hath    
sinned, and done somewhat through ignorance against any of the commandments of  
YHVH his ELOHIYM concerning things which should not be done, and is guilty;</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if his sin,  
wherein he hath sinned, come to his knowledge; he shall bring his offering, a   
kid of the goats, a male without blemish:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the  
goat, and kill it in the place where they kill the burnt offering before YHVH:  
it is a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his 
finger, and put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall     
pour out his blood at the bottom of the altar of burnt offering.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall burn all his 
fat upon the altar, as the fat of the sacrifice of peace offerings: and the     
priest shall make an atonement for him as concerning his sin, and it shall be   
forgiven him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And if any one of the common people sin through ignorance, while he doeth    
somewhat against any of the commandments of YHVH concerning things which ought  
not to be done, and be guilty;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4> 
28</H4></TD><TD><P>Or if his sin, which he hath sinned, come to his knowledge:  
then he shall bring his offering, a kid of the goats, a female without blemish, 
for his sin which he hath sinned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>  
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin       
offering, and slay the sin offering in the place of the burnt offering.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall 
take of the blood thereof with his finger, and put it upon the horns of the     
altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all the blood thereof at the bottom 
of the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And he shall take away all the fat thereof, as the fat is taken away from    
off the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it upon the     
altar for a sweet savor unto YHVH; and the priest shall make an atonement for   
him, and it shall be forgiven him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32> 
<H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he bring a lamb for a sin offering, he shall      
bring it a female without blemish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33> 
<H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin       
offering, and slay it for a sin offering in the place where they kill the burnt 
offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the priest shall take of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and 
put it upon the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and shall pour out all    
the blood thereof at the bottom of the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take away all the fat thereof,  
as the fat of the lamb is taken away from the sacrifice of the peace offerings; 
and the priest shall burn them upon the altar, according to the offerings made  
by fire unto YHVH: and the priest shall make an atonement for his sin that he   
hath committed, and it shall be forgiven him.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This     
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B03C005.htm'>Leviticus 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
