<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus, Chapter 30 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C029.htm'>Exodus 29</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Second Book of Moses, called Exodus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>    
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 30</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make an altar to burn incense      
upon: of shittim wood shalt thou make it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>A cubit shall be the length thereof, and a cubit  
the breadth thereof; foursquare shall it be: and two cubits shall be the height 
thereof: the horns thereof shall be of the same.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt overlay it with pure 
gold, the top thereof, and the sides thereof round about, and the horns         
thereof; and thou shalt make unto it a crown of gold round about.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And two golden rings shalt  
thou make to it under the crown of it, by the two corners thereof, upon the two 
sides of it shalt thou make it; and they shall be for places for the staves to  
bear it withal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And thou shalt make the staves of shittim wood, and overlay them with        
gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou 
shalt put it before the vail that is by the ark of the testimony, before the    
mercy seat that is over the testimony, where I will meet with thee.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron shall burn   
thereon sweet incense every morning: when he dresseth the lamps, he shall burn  
incense upon it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And when Aaron lighteth the lamps at even, he shall burn incense upon it, a  
perpetual incense before YHVH throughout your generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall offer no strange incense   
thereon, nor burnt sacrifice, nor meat offering; neither shall ye pour drink    
offering thereon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Aaron shall make an atonement upon the horns of it once in a year    
with the blood of the sin offering of atonements: once in the year shall he     
make atonement upon it throughout your generations: it is most holy unto        
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4> 
12</H4></TD><TD><P>When thou takest the sum of the children of Israel after     
their number, then shall they give every man a ransom for his soul unto YHVH,   
when thou numberest them; that there be no plague among them, when thou         
numberest them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>
<P>This they shall give, every one that passeth among them that are numbered,   
half a shekel after the shekel of the sanctuary: (a shekel is twenty gerahs:)   
an half shekel shall be the offering of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Every one that passeth among them that are   
numbered, from twenty years old and above, shall give an offering unto YHVH.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>The rich shall  
not give more, and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel, when they   
give an offering unto YHVH, to make an atonement for your souls.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt take the   
atonement money of the children of Israel, and shalt appoint it for the service 
of the tabernacle of the congregation; that it may be a memorial unto the       
children of Israel before YHVH, to make an atonement for your souls.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto  
Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Thou shalt also make a laver of brass, and his foot also of brass, to wash   
withal: and thou shalt put it between the tabernacle of the congregation and    
the altar, and thou shalt put water therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands   
and their feet thereat:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>When they go into the tabernacle of the congregation, they shall    
wash with water, that they die not; or when they come near to the altar to      
minister, to burn offering made by fire unto YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>So they shall wash their hands    
and their feet, that they die not: and it shall be a statute for ever to them,  
even to him and to his seed throughout their generations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover YHVH spake unto Moses,   
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Take 
thou also unto thee principal spices, of pure myrrh five hundred shekels, and   
of sweet cinnamon half so much, even two hundred and fifty shekels, and of      
sweet calamus two hundred and fifty shekels,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And of cassia five hundred shekels, after the   
shekel of the sanctuary, and of oil olive an hin:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make it an oil of  
holy ointment, an ointment compound after the art of the apothecary: it shall   
be an holy anointing oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>      
26</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt anoint the tabernacle of the congregation     
therewith, and the ark of the testimony,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the table and all his vessels, and the      
candlestick and his vessels, and the altar of incense,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And the altar of burnt offering   
with all his vessels, and the laver and his foot.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt sanctify them,     
that they may be most holy: whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt       
anoint Aaron and his sons, and consecrate them, that they may minister unto me  
in the priest's office.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, This      
shall be an holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Upon man's flesh     
shall it not be poured, neither shall ye make any other like it, after the      
composition of it: it is holy, and it shall be holy unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Whosoever compoundeth any     
like it, or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger, shall even be cut off  
from his people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And YHVH said unto Moses, Take unto thee sweet spices, stacte, and       
onycha, and galbanum; these sweet spices with pure frankincense: of each shall  
there be a like weight:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the 
apothecary, tempered together, pure and holy:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt beat some of it very small,   
and put of it before the testimony in the tabernacle of the congregation, where 
I will meet with thee: it shall be unto you most holy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And as for the perfume which thou 
shalt make, ye shall not make to yourselves according to the composition        
thereof: it shall be unto thee holy for YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Whosoever shall make like unto that, to      
smell thereto, shall even be cut off from his people.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B02C031.htm'>Exodus 31</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
