<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 25 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C024.htm'>2nd Chronicles 24</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Amaziah was twenty and five     
years old when he began to reign, and he reigned twenty and nine years in       
Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jehoaddan of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was right 
in the sight of YHVH, but not with a perfect heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, when the       
kingdom was established to him, that he slew his servants that had killed the   
king his father.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But he slew not their children, but did as it is written in the law in the   
book of Moses, where YHVH commanded, saying, The fathers shall not die for the  
children, neither shall the children die for the fathers, but every man shall   
die for his own sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Moreover Amaziah gathered Judah together, and made them captains over    
thousands, and captains over hundreds, according to the houses of their         
fathers, throughout all Judah and Benjamin: and he numbered them from twenty    
years old and above, and found them three hundred thousand choice men, able to  
go forth to war, that could handle spear and shield.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>He hired also an hundred thousand   
mighty men of valor out of Israel for an hundred talents of silver.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But there came a man   
of ELOHIYM to him, saying, O king, let not the army of Israel go with thee; for 
YHVH is not with Israel, to wit, with all the children of Ephraim.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But if thou wilt go, do it; 
be strong for the battle: ELOHIYM shall make thee fall before the enemy: for    
ELOHIYM hath power to help, and to cast down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amaziah said to the man of ELOHIYM, But    
what shall we do for the hundred talents which I have given to the army of      
Israel? And the man of ELOHIYM answered, YHVH is able to give thee much more    
than this.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then Amaziah separated them, to wit, the army that was come to him out of       
Ephraim, to go home again: wherefore their anger was greatly kindled against    
Judah, and they returned home in great anger.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amaziah strengthened himself, and led    
forth his people, and went to the valley of salt, and smote of the children of  
Seir ten thousand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And other ten thousand left alive did the children of Judah carry away   
captive, and brought them unto the top of the rock, and cast them down from the 
top of the rock, that they all were broken in pieces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But the soldiers of the army      
which Amaziah sent back, that they should not go with him to battle, fell upon  
the cities of Judah, from Samaria even unto Bethhoron, and smote three thousand 
of them, and took much spoil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>  
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, after that Amaziah was come from the    
slaughter of the Edomites, that he brought the gods of the children of Seir,    
and set them up to be his gods, and bowed down himself before them, and burned  
incense unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Wherefore the anger of YHVH was kindled against Amaziah, and he sent     
unto him a prophet, which said unto him, Why hast thou sought after the gods of 
the people, which could not deliver their own people out of thine hand?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, 
as he talked with him, that the king said unto him, Art thou made of the king's 
counsel? forbear; why shouldest thou be smitten? Then the prophet forbare, and  
said, I know that ELOHIYM hath determined to destroy thee, because thou hast    
done this, and hast not hearkened unto my counsel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Amaziah king of Judah took   
advice, and sent to Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, the son of Jehu, king of        
Israel, saying, Come, let us see one another in the face.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joash king of Israel sent to  
Amaziah king of Judah, saying, The thistle that was in Lebanon sent to the      
cedar that was in Lebanon, saying, Give thy daughter to my son to wife: and     
there passed by a wild beast that was in Lebanon, and trode down the            
thistle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Thou sayest, Lo, thou hast smitten the Edomites; and thine heart lifteth thee   
up to boast: abide now at home; why shouldest thou meddle to thine hurt, that   
thou shouldest fall, even thou, and Judah with thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But Amaziah would not hear; for   
it came of ELOHIYM, that he might deliver them into the hand of their enemies,  
because they sought after the gods of Edom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joash the king of Israel went up; and they   
saw one another in the face, both he and Amaziah king of Judah, at Bethshemesh, 
which belongeth to Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>      
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And Judah was put to the worse before Israel, and they fled  
every man to his tent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And Joash the king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of 
Joash, the son of Jehoahaz, at Bethshemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem, and   
brake down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate,   
four hundred cubits.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And he took all the gold and the silver, and all the vessels that   
were found in the house of ELOHIYM with Obededom, and the treasures of the      
king's house, the hostages also, and returned to Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amaziah the son of Joash king 
of Judah lived after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel fifteen  
years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Now   
the rest of the acts of Amaziah, first and last, behold, are they not written   
in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Now after the time that Amaziah did turn     
away from following YHVH they made a conspiracy against him in Jerusalem; and   
he fled to Lachish: but they sent to Lachish after him, and slew him there.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And they        
brought him upon horses, and buried him with his fathers in the city of         
Judah.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C026.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
26</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
