<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 12 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C011.htm'>Deuteronomy 11</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>These are the statutes and      
judgments, which ye shall observe to do in the land, which YHVH ELOHIYM of thy  
fathers giveth thee to possess it, all the days that ye live upon the earth.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall utterly  
destroy all the places, wherein the nations which ye shall possess served their 
gods, upon the high mountains, and upon the hills, and under every green        
tree:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye   
shall overthrow their altars, and break their pillars, and burn their groves    
with fire; and ye shall hew down the graven images of their gods, and destroy   
the names of them out of that place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4>
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall not do so unto YHVH your ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But unto the place which    
YHVH your ELOHIYM shall choose out of all your tribes to put his name there,    
even unto his habitation shall ye seek, and thither thou shalt come:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And thither ye shall   
bring your burnt offerings, and your sacrifices, and your tithes, and heave     
offerings of your hand, and your vows, and your freewill offerings, and the     
firstlings of your herds and of your flocks:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And there ye shall eat before YHVH your ELOHIYM,  
and ye shall rejoice in all that ye put your hand unto, ye and your households, 
wherein YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath blessed thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall not do after all the things that we do   
here this day, every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For ye are not as yet come to   
the rest and to the inheritance, which YHVH your ELOHIYM giveth you.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But when ye go over  
Jordan, and dwell in the land which YHVH your ELOHIYM giveth you to inherit,    
and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about, so that ye dwell 
in safety;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then there shall be a place which YHVH your ELOHIYM shall choose to cause his   
name to dwell there; thither shall ye bring all that I command you; your burnt  
offerings, and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your     
hand, and all your choice vows which ye vow unto YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall rejoice before YHVH  
your ELOHIYM, ye, and your sons, and your daughters, and your menservants, and  
your maidservants, and the Levite that is within your gates; forasmuch as he    
hath no part nor inheritance with you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy    
burnt offerings in every place that thou seest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But in the place which YHVH shall choose in  
one of thy tribes, there thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings, and there thou   
shalt do all that I command thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>  
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding thou mayest kill and eat flesh in all    
thy gates, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after, according to the blessing of YHVH 
thy ELOHIYM which he hath given thee: the unclean and the clean may eat         
thereof, as of the roebuck, and as of the hart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Only ye shall not eat the blood; ye shall    
pour it upon the earth as water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>   
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou mayest not eat within thy gates the tithe of thy    
corn, or of thy wine, or of thy oil, or the firstlings of thy herds or of thy   
flock, nor any of thy vows which thou vowest, nor thy freewill offerings, or    
heave offering of thine hand:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>  
18</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou must eat them before YHVH thy ELOHIYM in the place  
which YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall choose, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and   
thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates:   
and thou shalt rejoice before YHVH thy ELOHIYM in all that thou puttest thine   
hands unto.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the Levite as long as thou livest    
upon the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD>
<P>When YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall enlarge thy border, as he hath promised thee,    
and thou shalt say, I will eat flesh, because thy soul longeth to eat flesh;    
thou mayest eat flesh, whatsoever thy soul lusteth after.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>If the place which YHVH thy       
ELOHIYM hath chosen to put his name there be too far from thee, then thou shalt 
kill of thy herd and of thy flock, which YHVH hath given thee, as I have        
commanded thee, and thou shalt eat in thy gates whatsoever thy soul lusteth     
after.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Even  
as the roebuck and the hart is eaten, so thou shalt eat them: the unclean and   
the clean shall eat of them alike.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23> 
<H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Only be sure that thou eat not the blood: for the blood  
is the life; and thou mayest not eat the life with the flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not eat it; thou   
shalt pour it upon the earth as water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not eat it; that it may go well with 
thee, and with thy children after thee, when thou shalt do that which is right  
in the sight of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Only thy holy things which thou hast, and thy vows, thou shalt      
take, and go unto the place which YHVH shall choose:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt offer thy burnt    
offerings, the flesh and the blood, upon the altar of YHVH thy ELOHIYM: and the 
blood of thy sacrifices shall be poured out upon the altar of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, 
and thou shalt eat the flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>  
28</H4></TD><TD><P>Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that  
it may go well with thee, and with thy children after thee for ever, when thou  
doest that which is good and right in the sight of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>When YHVH thy        
ELOHIYM shall cut off the nations from before thee, whither thou goest to       
possess them, and thou succeedest them, and dwellest in their land;</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed to thyself 
that thou be not snared by following them, after that they be destroyed from    
before thee; and that thou inquire not after their gods, saying, How did these  
nations serve their gods? even so will I do likewise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not do so unto YHVH    
thy ELOHIYM: for every abomination to YHVH, which he hateth, have they done     
unto their gods; for even their sons and their daughters they have burnt in the 
fire to their gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD>
<TD><P>What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add    
thereto, nor diminish from it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is        
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C013.htm'>Deuteronomy 13</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
