<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C015.htm'>Numbers 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Korah, the son of Izhar, the son of Kohath,   
the son of Levi, and Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, and On, the son of   
Peleth, sons of Reuben, took men:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>   
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rose up before Moses, with certain of the        
children of Israel, two hundred and fifty princes of the assembly, famous in    
the congregation, men of renown:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they gathered themselves together against Moses and       
against Aaron, and said unto them, Ye take too much upon you, seeing all the    
congregation are holy, every one of them, and YHVH is among them: wherefore     
then lift ye up yourselves above the congregation of YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Moses heard it, he fell    
upon his face:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>
And he spake unto Korah and unto all his company, saying, Even to morrow YHVH   
will show who are his, and who is holy; and will cause him to come near unto    
him: even him whom he hath chosen will he cause to come near unto him.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>This do; Take you      
censers, Korah, and all his company;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And put fire therein, and put incense in them before YHVH 
to morrow: and it shall be that the man whom YHVH doth choose, he shall be      
holy: ye take too much upon you, ye sons of Levi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto Korah, Hear, I  
pray you, ye sons of Levi:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Seemeth it but a small thing unto you, that the ELOHIYM of Israel   
hath separated you from the congregation of Israel, to bring you near to        
himself to do the service of the tabernacle of YHVH, and to stand before the    
congregation to minister unto them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hath brought thee near to him, and all thy        
brethren the sons of Levi with thee: and seek ye the priesthood also?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For which cause both 
thou and all thy company are gathered together against YHVH: and what is Aaron, 
that ye murmur against him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses sent to call Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab: 
which said, We will not come up:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>   
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Is it a small thing that thou hast brought us up out of  
a land that floweth with milk and honey, to kill us in the wilderness, except   
thou make thyself altogether a prince over us?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover thou hast not brought us into a     
land that floweth with milk and honey, or given us inheritance of fields and    
vineyards: wilt thou put out the eyes of these men? we will not come up.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses was   
very wroth, and said unto YHVH, Respect not thou their offering: I have not     
taken one ass from them, neither have I hurt one of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto Korah, Be     
thou and all thy company before YHVH, thou, and they, and Aaron, to morrow:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And take every  
man his censer, and put incense in them, and bring ye before YHVH every man his 
censer, two hundred and fifty censers; thou also, and Aaron, each of you his    
censer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
they took every man his censer, and put fire in them, and laid incense thereon, 
and stood in the door of the tabernacle of the congregation with Moses and      
Aaron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Korah gathered all the congregation against them unto the door of the           
tabernacle of the congregation: and the glory of YHVH appeared unto all the     
congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Separate yourselves from among    
this congregation, that I may consume them in a moment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And they fell upon their faces,   
and said, O EL, the ELOHIYM of the spirits of all flesh, shall one man sin, and 
wilt thou be wroth with all the congregation?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the       
congregation, saying, Get you up from about the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan,    
and Abiram.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Moses rose up and went unto Dathan and Abiram; and the elders of Israel     
followed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And he spake unto the congregation, saying, Depart, I pray you, from the     
tents of these wicked men, and touch nothing of theirs, lest ye be consumed in  
all their sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD>
<P>So they gat up from the tabernacle of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram, on every    
side: and Dathan and Abiram came out, and stood in the door of their tents, and 
their wives, and their sons, and their little children.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said, Hereby ye shall   
know that YHVH hath sent me to do all these works; for I have not done them of  
mine own mind.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>If these men die the common death of all men, or if they be visited after    
the visitation of all men; then YHVH hath not sent me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>But if YHVH make a new thing, and 
the earth open her mouth, and swallow them up, with all that appertain unto     
them, and they go down quick into the pit; then ye shall understand that these  
men have provoked YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as he had made an end of speaking all these    
words, that the ground clave asunder that was under them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the earth opened her mouth,   
and swallowed them up, and their houses, and all the men that appertained unto  
Korah, and all their goods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>    
33</H4></TD><TD><P>They, and all that appertained to them, went down alive into 
the pit, and the earth closed upon them: and they perished from among the       
congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And all Israel that were round about them fled at the cry of them: for they  
said, Lest the earth swallow us up also.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And there came out a fire from YHVH, and        
consumed the two hundred and fifty men that offered incense.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,    
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Speak unto Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, that he take up the censers out 
of the burning, and scatter thou the fire yonder; for they are hallowed.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>The censers of  
these sinners against their own souls, let them make them broad plates for a    
covering of the altar: for they offered them before YHVH, therefore they are    
hallowed: and they shall be a sign unto the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And Eleazar the priest    
took the brazen censers, wherewith they that were burnt had offered; and they   
were made broad plates for a covering of the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>To be a memorial unto the         
children of Israel, that no stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron, come   
near to offer incense before YHVH; that he be not as Korah, and as his company: 
as YHVH said to him by the hand of Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>But on the morrow all the congregation of the   
children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron, saying, Ye have    
killed the people of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>     
42</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the congregation was gathered      
against Moses and against Aaron, that they looked toward the tabernacle of the  
congregation: and, behold, the cloud covered it, and the glory of YHVH          
appeared.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Moses and Aaron came before the tabernacle of the congregation.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto  
Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Get you up from among this congregation, that I may consume them as in a     
moment. And they fell upon their faces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses said unto Aaron, Take a censer, and   
put fire therein from off the altar, and put on incense, and go quickly unto    
the congregation, and make an atonement for them: for there is wrath gone out   
from YHVH; the plague is begun.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>
47</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron took as Moses commanded, and ran into the midst of 
the congregation; and, behold, the plague was begun among the people: and he    
put on incense, and made an atonement for the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And he stood between the dead and 
the living; and the plague was stayed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>Now they that died in the plague were fourteen  
thousand and seven hundred, beside them that died about the matter of Korah.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aaron       
returned unto Moses unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation: and    
the plague was stayed.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B04C017.htm'>Numbers 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
