<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 14 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C013.htm'>1st Samuel 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Now it came to pass upon a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said unto  
the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go over to the Philistines' 
garrison, that is on the other side. But he told not his father.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul tarried in the     
uttermost part of Gibeah under a pomegranate tree which is in Migron: and the   
people that were with him were about six hundred men;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahiah, the son of Ahitub,       
Ichabod's brother, the son of Phinehas, the son of Eli, YHVH's priest in        
Shiloh, wearing an ephod. And the people knew not that Jonathan was gone.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And between the   
passages, by which Jonathan sought to go over unto the Philistines' garrison,   
there was a sharp rock on the one side, and a sharp rock on the other side: and 
the name of the one was Bozez, and the name of the other Seneh.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>The forefront of the one    
was situate northward over against Michmash, and the other southward over       
against Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Jonathan said to the young man that bare his armor, Come, and let us go  
over unto the garrison of these uncircumcised: it may be that YHVH will work    
for us: for there is no restraint to YHVH to save by many or by few.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And his armourbearer   
said unto him, Do all that is in thine heart: turn thee; behold, I am with thee 
according to thy heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then said Jonathan, Behold, we will pass over unto these men, and   
we will discover ourselves unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>If they say thus unto us, Tarry until we come to  
you; then we will stand still in our place, and will not go up unto them.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>But if they say 
thus, Come up unto us; then we will go up: for YHVH hath delivered them into    
our hand: and this shall be a sign unto us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And both of them discovered themselves unto the 
garrison of the Philistines: and the Philistines said, Behold, the Hebrews come 
forth out of the holes where they had hid themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of the garrison       
answered Jonathan and his armourbearer, and said, Come up to us, and we will    
show you a thing. And Jonathan said unto his armourbearer, Come up after me:    
for YHVH hath delivered them into the hand of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonathan climbed up upon his  
hands and upon his feet, and his armourbearer after him: and they fell before   
Jonathan; and his armourbearer slew after him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And that first slaughter, which Jonathan and 
his armourbearer made, was about twenty men, within as it were an half acre of  
land, which a yoke of oxen might plow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was trembling in the host, in the     
field, and among all the people: the garrison, and the spoilers, they also      
trembled, and the earth quaked: so it was a very great trembling.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the watchmen of Saul  
in Gibeah of Benjamin looked; and, behold, the multitude melted away, and they  
went on beating down one another.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>  
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Saul unto the people that were with him,       
Number now, and see who is gone from us. And when they had numbered, behold,    
Jonathan and his armourbearer were not there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said unto Ahiah, Bring hither the   
ark of ELOHIYM. For the ark of ELOHIYM was at that time with the children of    
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
it came to pass, while Saul talked unto the priest, that the noise that was in  
the host of the Philistines went on and increased: and Saul said unto the       
priest, Withdraw thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>   
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul and all the people that were with him assembled     
themselves, and they came to the battle: and, behold, every man's sword was     
against his fellow, and there was a very great discomfiture.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the Hebrews that     
were with the Philistines before that time, which went up with them into the    
camp from the country round about, even they also turned to be with the         
Israelites that were with Saul and Jonathan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise all the men of Israel which had hid    
themselves in mount Ephraim, when they heard that the Philistines fled, even    
they also followed hard after them in the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So YHVH saved Israel that day:    
and the battle passed over unto Bethaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men of Israel were distressed that day: 
for Saul had adjured the people, saying, Cursed be the man that eateth any food 
until evening, that I may be avenged on mine enemies. So none of the people     
tasted any food.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And all they of the land came to a wood; and there was honey upon the    
ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
when the people were come into the wood, behold, the honey dropped; but no man  
put his hand to his mouth: for the people feared the oath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But Jonathan heard not when his   
father charged the people with the oath: wherefore he put forth the end of the  
rod that was in his hand, and dipped it in an honeycomb, and put his hand to    
his mouth; and his eyes were enlightened.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then answered one of the people, and said, Thy  
father straitly charged the people with an oath, saying, Cursed be the man that 
eateth any food this day. And the people were faint.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Jonathan, My father     
hath troubled the land: see, I pray you, how mine eyes have been enlightened,   
because I tasted a little of this honey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>How much more, if haply the people had eaten    
freely to day of the spoil of their enemies which they found? for had there not 
been now a much greater slaughter among the Philistines?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And they smote the Philistines    
that day from Michmash to Aijalon: and the people were very faint.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people flew upon  
the spoil, and took sheep, and oxen, and calves, and slew them on the ground:   
and the people did eat them with the blood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they told Saul, saying, Behold, the people 
sin against YHVH, in that they eat with the blood. And he said, Ye have         
transgressed: roll a great stone unto me this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Disperse           
yourselves among the people, and say unto them, Bring me hither every man his   
ox, and every man his sheep, and slay them here, and eat; and sin not against   
YHVH in eating with the blood. And all the people brought every man his ox with 
him that night, and slew them there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul built an altar unto YHVH: the same was 
the first altar that he built unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Let us go down after the         
Philistines by night, and spoil them until the morning light, and let us not    
leave a man of them. And they said, Do whatsoever seemeth good unto thee. Then  
said the priest, Let us draw near hither unto ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul asked counsel of         
ELOHIYM, Shall I go down after the Philistines? wilt thou deliver them into the 
hand of Israel? But he answered him not that day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Draw ye near       
hither, all the chief of the people: and know and see wherein this sin hath     
been this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>For, as YHVH liveth, which saveth Israel, though it be in Jonathan my son,   
he shall surely die. But there was not a man among all the people that answered 
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Then    
said he unto all Israel, Be ye on one side, and I and Jonathan my son will be   
on the other side. And the people said unto Saul, Do what seemeth good unto     
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Therefore Saul said unto YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, Give a perfect lot. And Saul   
and Jonathan were taken: but the people escaped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul said, Cast lots between  
me and Jonathan my son. And Jonathan was taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Saul said to Jonathan, Tell me what     
thou hast done. And Jonathan told him, and said, I did but taste a little honey 
with the end of the rod that was in mine hand, and, lo, I must die.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul answered,   
ELOHIYM do so and more also: for thou shalt surely die, Jonathan.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people said unto  
Saul, Shall Jonathan die, who hath wrought this great salvation in Israel?      
forbid: as YHVH liveth, there shall not one hair of his head fall to the        
ground; for he hath wrought with ELOHIYM this day. So the people rescued        
Jonathan, that he died not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>    
46</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Saul went up from following the Philistines: and the    
Philistines went to their own place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>So Saul took the kingdom over Israel, and       
fought against all his enemies on every side, against Moab, and against the     
children of Ammon, and against Edom, and against the kings of Zobah, and        
against the Philistines: and whithersoever he turned himself, he vexed them.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And he gathered 
an host, and smote the Amalekites, and delivered Israel out of the hands of     
them that spoiled them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Now the sons of Saul were Jonathan, and Ishui, and Melchishua: and  
the names of his two daughters were these; the name of the firstborn Merab, and 
the name of the younger Michal:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>
50</H4></TD><TD><P>And the name of Saul's wife was Ahinoam, the daughter of     
Ahimaaz: and the name of the captain of his host was Abner, the son of Ner,     
Saul's uncle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Kish was the father of Saul; and Ner the father of Abner was the son of  
Abiel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
there was sore war against the Philistines all the days of Saul: and when Saul  
saw any strong man, or any valiant man, he took him unto him.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B09C015.htm'>1st Samuel 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
