<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 40 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C039.htm'>Jeremiah 39</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 40</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word that came to Jeremiah  
from YHVH, after that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard had let him go from  
Ramah, when he had taken him being bound in chains among all that were carried  
away captive of Jerusalem and Judah, which were carried away captive unto       
Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the captain of the guard took Jeremiah, and said unto him, YHVH thy ELOHIYM     
hath pronounced this evil upon this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Now YHVH hath brought it, and done according as   
he hath said: because ye have sinned against YHVH, and have not obeyed his      
voice, therefore this thing is come upon you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, behold, I loose thee this day from    
the chains which were upon thine hand. If it seem good unto thee to come with   
me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto  
thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before      
thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Now while he was  
not yet gone back, he said, Go back also to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son  
of Shaphan, whom the king of Babylon hath made governor over the cities of      
Judah, and dwell with him among the people: or go wheresoever it seemeth        
convenient unto thee to go. So the captain of the guard gave him victuals and a 
reward, and let him go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then went Jeremiah unto Gedaliah the son of Ahikam to Mizpah; and   
dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now when all the captains of    
the forces which were in the fields, even they and their men, heard that the    
king of Babylon had made Gedaliah the son of Ahikam governor in the land, and   
had committed unto him men, and women, and children, and of the poor of the     
land, of them that were not carried away captive to Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they came to Gedaliah to   
Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan and Jonathan the sons of 
Kareah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and the sons of Ephai the             
Netophathite, and Jezaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gedaliah the  
son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan sware unto them and to their men, saying, Fear 
not to serve the Chaldeans: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon,   
and it shall be well with you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>As for me, behold, I will dwell at Mizpah, to serve the      
Chaldeans, which will come unto us: but ye, gather ye wine, and summer fruits,  
and oil, and put them in your vessels, and dwell in your cities that ye have    
taken.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Likewise when all the Jews that were in Moab, and among the Ammonites, and in   
Edom, and that were in all the countries, heard that the king of Babylon had    
left a remnant of Judah, and that he had set over them Gedaliah the son of      
Ahikam the son of Shaphan;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>     
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Even all the Jews returned out of all places whither they    
were driven, and came to the land of Judah, to Gedaliah, unto Mizpah, and       
gathered wine and summer fruits very much.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the 
captains of the forces that were in the fields, came to Gedaliah to Mizpah,</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto   
him, Dost thou certainly know that Baalis the king of the Ammonites hath sent   
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah to slay thee? But Gedaliah the son of Ahikam       
believed them not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then Johanan the son of Kareah spake to Gedaliah in Mizpah secretly      
saying, Let me go, I pray thee, and I will slay Ishmael the son of Nethaniah,   
and no man shall know it: wherefore should he slay thee, that all the Jews      
which are gathered unto thee should be scattered, and the remnant in Judah      
perish?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But  
Gedaliah the son of Ahikam said unto Johanan the son of Kareah, Thou shalt not  
do this thing: for thou speakest falsely of Ishmael.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>      
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B24C041.htm'>Jeremiah 41</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
