<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C015.htm'>1st Kings 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then the word of YHVH came to Jehu the son of Hanani against Baasha,     
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Forasmuch as I exalted thee out of the dust, and made thee prince over my       
people Israel; and thou hast walked in the way of Jeroboam, and hast made my    
people Israel to sin, to provoke me to anger with their sins;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will take away the    
posterity of Baasha, and the posterity of his house; and will make thy house    
like the house of Jeroboam the son of Nebat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Him that dieth of Baasha in the city shall the    
dogs eat; and him that dieth of his in the fields shall the fowls of the air    
eat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the   
rest of the acts of Baasha, and what he did, and his might, are they not        
written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So Baasha slept with his        
fathers, and was buried in Tirzah: and Elah his son reigned in his stead.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And also by the   
hand of the prophet Jehu the son of Hanani came the word of YHVH against        
Baasha, and against his house, even for all the evil that he did in the sight   
of YHVH, in provoking him to anger with the work of his hands, in being like    
the house of Jeroboam; and because he killed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In the twenty and sixth year of Asa 
king of Judah began Elah the son of Baasha to reign over Israel in Tirzah, two  
years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And his 
servant Zimri, captain of half his chariots, conspired against him, as he was   
in Tirzah, drinking himself drunk in the house of Arza steward of his house in  
Tirzah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Zimri went in and smote him, and killed him, in the twenty and seventh year of  
Asa king of Judah, and reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when he began to reign, as 
soon as he sat on his throne, that he slew all the house of Baasha: he left him 
not one that pisseth against a wall, neither of his kinsfolk, nor of his        
friends.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Thus did Zimri destroy all the house of Baasha, according to the word of YHVH,  
which he spake against Baasha by Jehu the prophet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For all the sins of Baasha, and   
the sins of Elah his son, by which they sinned, and by which they made Israel   
to sin, in provoking YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel to anger with their vanities.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of 
the acts of Elah, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the  
chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15> 
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>In the twenty and seventh year of Asa king of Judah did  
Zimri reign seven days in Tirzah. And the people were encamped against          
Gibbethon, which belonged to the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people that were encamped heard say, 
Zimri hath conspired, and hath also slain the king: wherefore all Israel made   
Omri, the captain of the host, king over Israel that day in the camp.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Omri went up     
from Gibbethon, and all Israel with him, and they besieged Tirzah.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when 
Zimri saw that the city was taken, that he went into the palace of the king's   
house, and burnt the king's house over him with fire, and died.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>For his sins which he     
sinned in doing evil in the sight of YHVH, in walking in the way of Jeroboam,   
and in his sin which he did, to make Israel to sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of       
Zimri, and his treason that he wrought, are they not written in the book of the 
chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21> 
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then were the people of Israel divided into two parts:   
half of the people followed Tibni the son of Ginath, to make him king; and half 
followed Omri.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But the people that followed Omri prevailed against the people that followed 
Tibni the son of Ginath: so Tibni died, and Omri reigned.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>In the thirty and first year of   
Asa king of Judah began Omri to reign over Israel, twelve years: six years      
reigned he in Tirzah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he bought the hill Samaria of Shemer for two talents of silver, 
and built on the hill, and called the name of the city which he built, after    
the name of Shemer, owner of the hill, Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>But Omri wrought evil in the eyes of YHVH,   
and did worse than all that were before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>For he walked in all the way of Jeroboam the    
son of Nebat, and in his sin wherewith he made Israel to sin, to provoke YHVH   
ELOHIYM of Israel to anger with their vanities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Omri which he    
did, and his might that he showed, are they not written in the book of the      
chronicles of the kings of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28> 
<H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So Omri slept with his fathers, and was buried in        
Samaria: and Ahab his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the thirty and eighth year of Asa     
king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel: and Ahab the son 
of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty and two years.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahab the son of Omri did  
evil in the sight of YHVH above all that were before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as if it had 
been a light thing for him to walk in the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat,    
that he took to wife Jezebel the daughter of Ethbaal king of the Zidonians, and 
went and served Baal, and worshipped him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And he reared up an altar for Baal in the house 
of Baal, which he had built in Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahab made a grove; and Ahab did more to     
provoke YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were  
before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P> 
In his days did Hiel the Bethelite build Jericho: he laid the foundation        
thereof in Abiram his firstborn, and set up the gates thereof in his youngest   
son Segub, according to the word of YHVH, which he spake by Joshua the son of   
Nun.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt,  
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C017.htm'>1st Kings 17</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
