<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C008.htm'>Judges 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of      
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Abimelech the son of Jerubbaal went to Shechem unto his mother's brethren,  
and communed with them, and with all the family of the house of his mother's    
father, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Speak, I pray you, in the ears of all the men of Shechem, Whether is better  
for you, either that all the sons of Jerubbaal, which are threescore and ten    
persons, reign over you, or that one reign over you? remember also that I am    
your bone and your flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And his mother's brethren spake of him in the ears of all the men   
of Shechem all these words: and their hearts inclined to follow Abimelech; for  
they said, He is our brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>   
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of  
the house of Baalberith, wherewith Abimelech hired vain and light persons,      
which followed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he went unto his father's house at Ophrah, and slew his brethren the 
sons of Jerubbaal, being threescore and ten persons, upon one stone:            
notwithstanding yet Jotham the youngest son of Jerubbaal was left; for he hid   
himself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
all the men of Shechem gathered together, and all the house of Millo, and went, 
and made Abimelech king, by the plain of the pillar that was in Shechem.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they     
told it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up 
his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem,   
that ELOHIYM may hearken unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over      
them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But the olive tree said unto    
them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honor ELOHIYM and man,    
and go to be promoted over the trees?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou,  
and reign over us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But the fig tree said unto them, Should I forsake my sweetness, and my   
good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said the trees unto the      
vine, Come thou, and reign over us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine,     
which cheereth ELOHIYM and man, and go to be promoted over the trees?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said all the    
trees unto the bramble, Come thou, and reign over us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the bramble said unto the     
trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in  
my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars  
of Lebanon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Now therefore, if ye have done truly and sincerely, in that ye have made        
Abimelech king, and if ye have dealt well with Jerubbaal and his house, and     
have done unto him according to the deserving of his hands;</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>(For my father fought for     
you, and adventured his life far, and delivered you out of the hand of          
Midian:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
ye are risen up against my father's house this day, and have slain his sons,    
threescore and ten persons, upon one stone, and have made Abimelech, the son of 
his maidservant, king over the men of Shechem, because he is your brother;)</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>If ye then have 
dealt truly and sincerely with Jerubbaal and with his house this day, then      
rejoice ye in Abimelech, and let him also rejoice in you:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>But if not, let fire come out     
from Abimelech, and devour the men of Shechem, and the house of Millo; and let  
fire come out from the men of Shechem, and from the house of Millo, and devour  
Abimelech.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Jotham ran away, and fled, and went to Beer, and dwelt there, for fear of   
Abimelech his brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>When Abimelech had reigned three years over Israel,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then ELOHIYM sent an evil 
spirit between Abimelech and the men of Shechem; and the men of Shechem dealt   
treacherously with Abimelech:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>  
24</H4></TD><TD><P>That the cruelty done to the threescore and ten sons of      
Jerubbaal might come, and their blood be laid upon Abimelech their brother,     
which slew them; and upon the men of Shechem, which aided him in the killing of 
his brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And the men of Shechem set liers in wait for him in the top of the           
mountains, and they robbed all that came along that way by them: and it was     
told Abimelech.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And Gaal the son of Ebed came with his brethren, and went over to Shechem:   
and the men of Shechem put their confidence in him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And they went out into the        
fields, and gathered their vineyards, and trode the grapes, and made merry, and 
went into the house of their god, and did eat and drink, and cursed             
Abimelech.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Gaal the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we    
should serve him? is not he the son of Jerubbaal? and Zebul his officer? serve  
the men of Hamor the father of Shechem: for why should we serve him?</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And would to this    
people were under my hand! then would I remove Abimelech. And he said to        
Abimelech, Increase thine army, and come out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Zebul the ruler of the city heard   
the words of Gaal the son of Ebed, his anger was kindled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And he sent messengers unto       
Abimelech privily, saying, Behold, Gaal the son of Ebed and his brethren be     
come to Shechem; and, behold, they fortify the city against thee.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore up by       
night, thou and the people that is with thee, and lie in wait in the field:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
be, that in the morning, as soon as the sun is up, thou shalt rise early, and   
set upon the city: and, behold, when he and the people that is with him come    
out against thee, then mayest thou do to them as thou shalt find occasion.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech   
rose up, and all the people that were with him, by night, and they laid wait    
against Shechem in four companies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35> 
<H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gaal the son of Ebed went out, and stood in the      
entering of the gate of the city: and Abimelech rose up, and the people that    
were with him, from lying in wait.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36> 
<H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Gaal saw the people, he said to Zebul, Behold,  
there come people down from the top of the mountains. And Zebul said unto him,  
Thou seest the shadow of the mountains as if they were men.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gaal spake again, and     
said, See there come people down by the middle of the land, and another company 
come along by the plain of Meonenim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Zebul unto him, Where is now thy      
mouth, wherewith thou saidst, Who is Abimelech, that we should serve him? is    
not this the people that thou hast despised? go out, I pray now, and fight with 
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Gaal went out before the men of Shechem, and fought with Abimelech.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech chased 
him, and he fled before him, and many were overthrown and wounded, even unto    
the entering of the gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>      
41</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech dwelt at Arumah: and Zebul thrust out Gaal and 
his brethren, that they should not dwell in Shechem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the        
morrow, that the people went out into the field; and they told Abimelech.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And he took the 
people, and divided them into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and  
looked, and, behold, the people were come forth out of the city; and he rose up 
against them, and smote them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>  
44</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech, and the company that was with him, rushed     
forward, and stood in the entering of the gate of the city: and the two other   
companies ran upon all the people that were in the fields, and slew them.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech   
fought against the city all that day; and he took the city, and slew the people 
that was therein, and beat down the city, and sowed it with salt.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the men of   
the tower of Shechem heard that, they entered into an hold of the house of the  
god Berith.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And it was told Abimelech, that all the men of the tower of Shechem were        
gathered together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Abimelech gat him up to mount Zalmon, he and all the people that     
were with him; and Abimelech took an axe in his hand, and cut down a bough from 
the trees, and took it, and laid it on his shoulder, and said unto the people   
that were with him, What ye have seen me do, make haste, and do as I have       
done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
all the people likewise cut down every man his bough, and followed Abimelech,   
and put them to the hold, and set the hold on fire upon them; so that all the   
men of the tower of Shechem died also, about a thousand men and women.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went Abimelech  
to Thebez, and encamped against Thebez, and took it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>But there was a strong tower      
within the city, and thither fled all the men and women, and all they of the    
city, and shut it to them, and gat them up to the top of the tower.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And Abimelech came   
unto the tower, and fought against it, and went hard unto the door of the tower 
to burn it with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>53</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And a certain woman cast a piece of a millstone upon Abimelech's    
head, and all to brake his skull.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54>  
<H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he called hastily unto the young man his            
armourbearer, and said unto him, Draw thy sword, and slay me, that men say not  
of me, A women slew him. And his young man thrust him through, and he died.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>55</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the    
men of Israel saw that Abimelech was dead, they departed every man unto his     
place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V56><H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus  
ELOHIYM rendered the wickedness of Abimelech, which he did unto his father, in  
slaying his seventy brethren:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V57><H4>  
57</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the evil of the men of Shechem did ELOHIYM render    
upon their heads: and upon them came the curse of Jotham the son of             
Jerubbaal.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.  
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C010.htm'>Judges 10</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
