<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B25C005.htm'>Lamentations 5</A></P><CENTER><H2          
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A                 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass in the          
thirtieth year, in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, as I was    
among the captives by the river of Chebar, that the heavens were opened, and I  
saw visions of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>In the fifth day of the month, which was the fifth year of king     
Jehoiachin's captivity,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came expressly unto Ezekiel the priest, the son of 
Buzi, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and the hand of YHVH    
was there upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I looked, and, behold, a whirlwind came out of the north, a great    
cloud, and a fire infolding itself, and a brightness was about it, and out of   
the midst thereof as the colour of amber, out of the midst of the fire.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Also out of the midst  
thereof came the likeness of four living creatures. And this was their          
appearance; they had the likeness of a man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And every one had four faces, and every one had   
four wings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And their feet were straight feet; and the sole of their feet was like the sole 
of a calf's foot: and they sparkled like the colour of burnished brass.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they had the hands 
of a man under their wings on their four sides; and they four had their faces   
and their wings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>Their wings were joined one to another; they turned not when they went; they 
went every one straight forward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>   
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>As for the likeness of their faces, they four had the    
face of a man, and the face of a lion, on the right side: and they four had the 
face of an ox on the left side; they four also had the face of an eagle.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus were their 
faces: and their wings were stretched upward; two wings of every one were       
joined one to another, and two covered their bodies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they went every one straight  
forward: whither the spirit was to go, they went; and they turned not when they 
went.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>As for 
the likeness of the living creatures, their appearance was like burning coals   
of fire, and like the appearance of lamps: it went up and down among the living 
creatures; and the fire was bright, and out of the fire went forth              
lightning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of       
lightning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now as I beheld the living creatures, behold one wheel upon the earth by the    
living creatures, with his four faces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The appearance of the wheels and their work was 
like unto the colour of a beryl: and they four had one likeness: and their      
appearance and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>When they went, 
they went upon their four sides: and they turned not when they went.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>As for their rings,  
they were so high that they were dreadful; and their rings were full of eyes    
round about them four.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And when the living creatures went, the wheels went by them: and    
when the living creatures were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted 
up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Whithersoever the spirit was to go, they went, thither was their spirit to go;  
and the wheels were lifted up over against them: for the spirit of the living   
creature was in the wheels.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>    
21</H4></TD><TD><P>When those went, these went; and when those stood, these     
stood; and when those were lifted up from the earth, the wheels were lifted up  
over against them: for the spirit of the living creature was in the wheels.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And the         
likeness of the firmament upon the heads of the living creature was as the      
colour of the terrible crystal, stretched forth over their heads above.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And under the        
firmament were their wings straight, the one toward the other: every one had    
two, which covered on this side, and every one had two, which covered on that   
side, their bodies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And when they went, I heard the noise of their wings, like the noise of  
great waters, as the voice of the SHADDAY, the voice of speech, as the noise of 
an host: when they stood, they let down their wings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was a voice from the    
firmament that was over their heads, when they stood, and had let down their    
wings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
above the firmament that was over their heads was the likeness of a throne, as  
the appearance of a sapphire stone: and upon the likeness of the throne was the 
likeness as the appearance of a man above upon it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And I saw as the colour of amber, 
as the appearance of fire round about within it, from the appearance of his     
loins even upward, and from the appearance of his loins even downward, I saw as 
it were the appearance of fire, and it had brightness round about.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>As the appearance of the  
bow that is in the cloud in the day of rain, so was the appearance of the       
brightness round about. This was the appearance of the likeness of the glory of 
YHVH. And when I saw it, I fell upon my face, and I heard a voice of one that   
spake.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B26C002.htm'>Ezekiel 2</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
