<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Daniel, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B27C009.htm'>Daniel 9</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>  
The Book of the Prophet Daniel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the third year of Cyrus king of Persia a thing was         
revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belteshazzar; and the thing was     
true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing, and had     
understanding of the vision.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>    
2</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days I Daniel was mourning three full weeks.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>I ate no pleasant      
bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at  
all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the four and twentieth day of the first    
month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hiddekel;</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I lifted up mine eyes, 
and looked, and behold a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded  
with fine gold of Uphaz:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>His body also was like the beryl, and his face as the appearance of 
lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire, and his arms and his feet like in     
colour to polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a        
multitude.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
I Daniel alone saw the vision: for the men that were with me saw not the        
vision; but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide           
themselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Therefore I was left alone, and saw this great vision, and there remained no    
strength in me: for my comeliness was turned in me into corruption, and I       
retained no strength.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Yet heard I the voice of his words: and when I heard the voice of his    
words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face, and my face toward the ground.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, an 
hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said     
unto me, O Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak     
unto thee, and stand upright: for unto thee am I now sent. And when he had      
spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said he unto me, Fear not, Daniel: for     
from the first day that thou didst set thine heart to understand, and to        
chasten thyself before thy ELOHIYM, thy words were heard, and I am come for thy 
words.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo,  
Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with   
the kings of Persia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people  
in the latter days: for yet the vision is for many days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he had spoken such words 
unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And, behold, one like the     
similitude of the sons of men touched my lips: then I opened my mouth, and      
spake, and said unto him that stood before me, O my lord, by the vision my      
sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For how can the servant of    
this my lord talk with this my lord? for as for me, straightway there remained  
no strength in me, neither is there breath left in me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then there came again and touched 
me one like the appearance of a man, and he strengthened me,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And said, O man greatly       
beloved, fear not: peace be unto thee, be strong, yea, be strong. And when he   
had spoken unto me, I was strengthened, and said, Let my lord speak; for thou   
hast strengthened me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then said he, Knowest thou wherefore I come unto thee? and now will 
I return to fight with the prince of Persia: and when I am gone forth, lo, the  
prince of Grecia shall come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>   
21</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will shew thee that which is noted in the scripture of 
truth: and there is none that holdeth with me in these things, but Michael your 
prince.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B27C011.htm'>Daniel 11</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
