<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 12 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B11C011.htm'>1st Kings 11</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Rehoboam went to Shechem: for all Israel were come to Shechem to     
make him king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>
And it came to pass, when Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who was yet in Egypt,      
heard of it, (for he was fled from the presence of king Solomon, and Jeroboam   
dwelt in Egypt;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>That they sent and called him. And Jeroboam and all the congregation of      
Israel came, and spake unto Rehoboam, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy father made our yoke grievous: now         
therefore make thou the grievous service of thy father, and his heavy yoke      
which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto them, Depart yet   
for three days, then come again to me. And the people departed.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And king Rehoboam consulted 
with the old men, that stood before Solomon his father while he yet lived, and  
said, How do ye advise that I may answer this people?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And they spake unto him, saying, If 
thou wilt be a servant unto this people this day, and wilt serve them, and      
answer them, and speak good words to them, then they will be thy servants for   
ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But he   
forsook the counsel of the old men, which they had given him, and consulted     
with the young men that were grown up with him, and which stood before him:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto  
them, What counsel give ye that we may answer this people, who have spoken to   
me, saying, Make the yoke which thy father did put upon us lighter?</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the young men    
that were grown up with him spake unto him, saying, Thus shalt thou speak unto  
this people that spake unto thee, saying, Thy father made our yoke heavy, but   
make thou it lighter unto us; thus shalt thou say unto them, My little finger   
shall be thicker than my father's loins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And now whereas my father did lade you with a   
heavy yoke, I will add to your yoke: my father hath chastised you with whips,   
but I will chastise you with scorpions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>So Jeroboam and all the people came to Rehoboam 
the third day, as the king had appointed, saying, Come to me again the third    
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the 
king answered the people roughly, and forsook the old men's counsel that they   
gave him;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And spake to them after the counsel of the young men, saying, My father made    
your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke: my father also chastised you with 
whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore the king hearkened not unto the    
people; for the cause was from YHVH, that he might perform his saying, which    
YHVH spake by Ahijah the Shilonite unto Jeroboam the son of Nebat.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>So when all Israel saw    
that the king hearkened not unto them, the people answered the king, saying,    
What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: 
to your tents, O Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed  
unto their tents.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>But as for the children of Israel which dwelt in the cities of Judah,    
Rehoboam reigned over them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>    
18</H4></TD><TD><P>Then king Rehoboam sent Adoram, who was over the tribute;    
and all Israel stoned him with stones, that he died. Therefore king Rehoboam    
made speed to get him up to his chariot, to flee to Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>So Israel rebelled against    
the house of David unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>  
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when all Israel heard that Jeroboam 
was come again, that they sent and called him unto the congregation, and made   
him king over all Israel: there was none that followed the house of David, but  
the tribe of Judah only.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And when Rehoboam was come to Jerusalem, he assembled all the house 
of Judah, with the tribe of Benjamin, an hundred and fourscore thousand chosen  
men, which were warriors, to fight against the house of Israel, to bring the    
kingdom again to Rehoboam the son of Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>But the word of ELOHIYM came unto Shemaiah   
the man of ELOHIYM, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>    
23</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto Rehoboam, the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and  
unto all the house of Judah and Benjamin, and to the remnant of the people,     
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus 
saith YHVH, Ye shall not go up, nor fight against your brethren the children of 
Israel: return every man to his house; for this thing is from me. They          
hearkened therefore to the word of YHVH, and returned to depart, according to   
the word of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then Jeroboam built Shechem in mount Ephraim, and dwelt therein; and     
went out from thence, and built Penuel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jeroboam said in his heart, Now shall the   
kingdom return to the house of David:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>If this people go up to do sacrifice in the     
house of YHVH at Jerusalem, then shall the heart of this people turn again unto 
their lord, even unto Rehoboam king of Judah, and they shall kill me, and go    
again to Rehoboam king of Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28>   
<H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Whereupon the king took counsel, and made two calves of  
gold, and said unto them, It is too much for you to go up to Jerusalem: behold  
thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And he set the one   
in Bethel, and the other put he in Dan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And this thing became a sin: for the people     
went to worship before the one, even unto Dan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And he made an house of high places, and     
made priests of the lowest of the people, which were not of the sons of         
Levi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Jeroboam ordained a feast in the eighth month, on the fifteenth day of the      
month, like unto the feast that is in Judah, and he offered upon the altar. So  
did he in Bethel, sacrificing unto the calves that he had made: and he placed   
in Bethel the priests of the high places which he had made.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>So he offered upon the altar  
which he had made in Bethel the fifteenth day of the eighth month, even in the  
month which he had devised of his own heart; and ordained a feast unto the      
children of Israel: and he offered upon the altar, and burnt incense.</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B11C013.htm'>1st Kings 13</A></CENTER> 
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
