<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King James          
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C012.htm'>Nehemiah 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of   
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
On that day they read in the book of Moses in the audience of the people; and   
therein was found written, that the Ammonite and the Moabite should not come    
into the congregation of ELOHIYM for ever;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Because they met not the children of Israel with  
bread and with water, but hired Balaam against them, that he should curse them: 
howbeit our ELOHIYM turned the curse into a blessing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it came to pass, when they had  
heard the law, that they separated from Israel all the mixed multitude.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And before this,       
Eliashib the priest, having the oversight of the chamber of the house of our    
ELOHIYM, was allied unto Tobiah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he had prepared for him a great chamber, where aforetime  
they laid the meat offerings, the frankincense, and the vessels, and the tithes 
of the corn, the new wine, and the oil, which was commanded to be given to the  
Levites, and the singers, and the porters; and the offerings of the priests.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But in all this   
time was not I at Jerusalem: for in the two and thirtieth year of Artaxerxes    
king of Babylon came I unto the king, and after certain days obtained I leave   
of the king:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And I came to Jerusalem, and understood of the evil that Eliashib did for       
Tobiah, in preparing him a chamber in the courts of the house of ELOHIYM.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And it grieved me 
sore: therefore I cast forth all the household stuff to Tobiah out of the       
chamber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
I commanded, and they cleansed the chambers: and thither brought I again the    
vessels of the house of ELOHIYM, with the meat offering and the                 
frankincense.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And I perceived that the portions of the Levites had not been given them:    
for the Levites and the singers, that did the work, were fled every one to his  
field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
contended I with the rulers, and said, Why is the house of ELOHIYM forsaken?    
And I gathered them together, and set them in their place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then brought all Judah the tithe  
of the corn and the new wine and the oil unto the treasuries.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I made treasurers over    
the treasuries, Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and of the Levites, 
Pedaiah: and next to them was Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Mattaniah:    
for they were counted faithful, and their office was to distribute unto their   
brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Remember me, O my ELOHIYM, concerning this, and wipe not out my good deeds that 
I have done for the house of my ELOHIYM, and for the offices thereof.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days saw I  
in Judah some treading wine presses on the sabbath, and bringing in sheaves,    
and lading asses; as also wine, grapes, and figs, and all manner of burdens,    
which they brought into Jerusalem on the sabbath day: and I testified against   
them in the day wherein they sold victuals.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>There dwelt men of Tyre also therein, which     
brought fish, and all manner of ware, and sold on the sabbath unto the children 
of Judah, and in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>    
17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I contended with the nobles of Judah, and said unto     
them, What evil thing is this that ye do, and profane the sabbath day?</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Did not your fathers 
thus, and did not our ELOHIYM bring all this evil upon us, and upon this city?  
yet ye bring more wrath upon Israel by profaning the sabbath.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, that     
when the gates of Jerusalem began to be dark before the sabbath, I commanded    
that the gates should be shut, and charged that they should not be opened till  
after the sabbath: and some of my servants set I at the gates, that there       
should no burden be brought in on the sabbath day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>So the merchants and sellers of   
all kind of ware lodged without Jerusalem once or twice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I testified against them,    
and said unto them, Why lodge ye about the wall? if ye do so again, I will lay  
hands on you. From that time forth came they no more on the sabbath.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And I commanded the  
Levites that they should cleanse themselves, and that they should come and keep 
the gates, to sanctify the sabbath day. Remember me, O my ELOHIYM, concerning   
this also, and spare me according to the greatness of thy mercy.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days also saw I  
Jews that had married wives of Ashdod, of Ammon, and of Moab:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And their children spake half 
in the speech of Ashdod, and could not speak in the Jews' language, but         
according to the language of each people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And I contended with them, and cursed them, and 
smote certain of them, and plucked off their hair, and made them swear by       
ELOHIYM, saying, Ye shall not give your daughters unto their sons, nor take     
their daughters unto your sons, or for yourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Did not Solomon king of Israel    
sin by these things? yet among many nations was there no king like him, who was 
beloved of his ELOHIYM, and ELOHIYM made him king over all Israel: nevertheless 
even him did outlandish women cause to sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Shall we then hearken unto you to do all this   
great evil, to transgress against our ELOHIYM in marrying strange wives?</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And one of the  
sons of Joiada, the son of Eliashib the high priest, was son in law to          
Sanballat the Horonite: therefore I chased him from me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Remember them, O my ELOHIYM,      
because they have defiled the priesthood, and the covenant of the priesthood,   
and of the Levites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Thus cleansed I them from all strangers, and appointed the wards of the  
priests and the Levites, every one in his business;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And for the wood offering, at     
times appointed, and for the firstfruits. Remember me, O my ELOHIYM, for        
good.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B17C001.htm'>Esther 1</A></CENTER></P> 
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
