<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 36 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C035.htm'>2nd Chronicles 35</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 36</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the people of the land     
took Jehoahaz the son of Josiah, and made him king in his father's stead in     
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Jehoahaz was twenty and three years old when he began to reign, and he reigned  
three months in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the king of Egypt put him down at Jerusalem, and condemned the  
land in an hundred talents of silver and a talent of gold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Egypt made Eliakim  
his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem, and turned his name to Jehoiakim.    
And Necho took Jehoahaz his brother, and carried him to Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Jehoiakim was twenty and five   
years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and 
he did that which was evil in the sight of YHVH his ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Against him came up             
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and bound him in fetters, to carry him to       
Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Nebuchadnezzar also carried of the vessels of the house of YHVH to Babylon, and 
put them in his temple at Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his            
abominations which he did, and that which was found in him, behold, they are    
written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah: and Jehoiachin his son    
reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Jehoiachin was eight years old when he began to reign, and he reigned    
three months and ten days in Jerusalem: and he did that which was evil in the   
sight of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And when the year was expired, king Nebuchadnezzar sent, and brought him to  
Babylon, with the goodly vessels of the house of YHVH, and made Zedekiah his    
brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Zedekiah was one and twenty years old when he   
began to reign, and reigned eleven years in Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in 
the sight of YHVH his ELOHIYM, and humbled not himself before Jeremiah the      
prophet speaking from the mouth of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he also rebelled against king               
Nebuchadnezzar, who had made him swear by ELOHIYM: but he stiffened his neck,   
and hardened his heart from turning unto YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover all the chief of 
the priests, and the people, transgressed very much after all the abominations  
of the heathen; and polluted the house of YHVH which he had hallowed in         
Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers sent to them by his messengers, rising up     
betimes, and sending; because he had compassion on his people, and on his       
dwelling place:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD>
<P>But they mocked the messengers of ELOHIYM, and despised his words, and       
misused his prophets, until the wrath of YHVH arose against his people, till    
there was no remedy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Therefore he brought upon them the king of the Chaldees, who slew   
their young men with the sword in the house of their sanctuary, and had no      
compassion upon young man or maiden, old man, or him that stooped for age: he   
gave them all into his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the vessels of the house of ELOHIYM, great and       
small, and the treasures of the house of YHVH, and the treasures of the king,   
and of his princes; all these he brought to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And they burnt the house of       
ELOHIYM, and brake down the wall of Jerusalem, and burnt all the palaces        
thereof with fire, and destroyed all the goodly vessels thereof.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And them that had escaped 
from the sword carried he away to Babylon; where they were servants to him and  
his sons until the reign of the kingdom of Persia:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>To fulfil the word of YHVH by the 
mouth of Jeremiah, until the land had enjoyed her sabbaths: for as long as she  
lay desolate she kept sabbath, to fulfil threescore and ten years.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Now in the first year of  
Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of YHVH spoken by the mouth of Jeremiah     
might be accomplished, YHVH stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, that 
he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing,  
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus 
saith Cyrus king of Persia, All the kingdoms of the earth hath YHVH ELOHIYM of  
heaven given me; and he hath charged me to build him an house in Jerusalem,     
which is in Judah. Who is there among you of all his people? YHVH his ELOHIYM   
be with him, and let him go up.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is       
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B15C001.htm'>Ezra 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
