<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 14 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C013.htm'>Leviticus 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 14</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>This   
shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing: He shall be brought  
unto the priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And the priest shall go forth out of the camp; and the priest shall look,    
and, behold, if the plague of leprosy be healed in the leper;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall the priest command   
to take for him that is to be cleansed two birds alive and clean, and cedar     
wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall command that one of the birds be killed  
in an earthen vessel over running water:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>As for the living bird, he shall take it, and the 
cedar wood, and the scarlet, and the hyssop, and shall dip them and the living  
bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall sprinkle  
upon him that is to be cleansed from the leprosy seven times, and shall         
pronounce him clean, and shall let the living bird loose into the open          
field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
that is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and shave off all his hair, and  
wash himself in water, that he may be clean: and after that he shall come into  
the camp, and shall tarry abroad out of his tent seven days.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But it shall be on the seventh  
day, that he shall shave all his hair off his head and his beard and his        
eyebrows, even all his hair he shall shave off: and he shall wash his clothes,  
also he shall wash his flesh in water, and he shall be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the eighth day he      
shall take two he lambs without blemish, and one ewe lamb of the first year     
without blemish, and three tenth deals of fine flour for a meat offering,       
mingled with oil, and one log of oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest that maketh him clean shall      
present the man that is to be made clean, and those things, before YHVH, at the 
door of the tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take one he lamb, and      
offer him for a trespass offering, and the log of oil, and wave them for a wave 
offering before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he shall slay the lamb in the place where he shall kill the sin 
offering and the burnt offering, in the holy place: for as the sin offering is  
the priest's, so is the trespass offering: it is most holy:</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take     
some of the blood of the trespass offering, and the priest shall put it upon    
the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of   
his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take some of 
the log of oil, and pour it into the palm of his own left hand:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall dip  
his right finger in the oil that is in his left hand, and shall sprinkle of the 
oil with his finger seven times before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And of the rest of the oil that is in his hand  
shall the priest put upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be         
cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his   
right foot, upon the blood of the trespass offering:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant of the oil that   
is in the priest's hand he shall pour upon the head of him that is to be        
cleansed: and the priest shall make an atonement for him before YHVH.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall 
offer the sin offering, and make an atonement for him that is to be cleansed    
from his uncleanness; and afterward he shall kill the burnt offering:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall 
offer the burnt offering and the meat offering upon the altar: and the priest   
shall make an atonement for him, and he shall be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he be poor, and cannot get 
so much; then he shall take one lamb for a trespass offering to be waved, to    
make an atonement for him, and one tenth deal of fine flour mingled with oil    
for a meat offering, and a log of oil;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, such 
as he is able to get; and the one shall be a sin offering, and the other a      
burnt offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he shall bring them on the eighth day for his cleansing unto the priest, 
unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, before YHVH.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall take 
the lamb of the trespass offering, and the log of oil, and the priest shall     
wave them for a wave offering before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall kill the lamb of the trespass      
offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood of the trespass offering, 
and put it upon the tip of the right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and     
upon the thumb of his right hand, and upon the great toe of his right foot:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest  
shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall sprinkle     
with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times      
before YHVH:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the priest shall put of the oil that is in his hand upon the tip of the     
right ear of him that is to be cleansed, and upon the thumb of his right hand,  
and upon the great toe of his right foot, upon the place of the blood of the    
trespass offering:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the rest of the oil that is in the priest's hand he shall put upon   
the head of him that is to be cleansed, to make an atonement for him before     
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
shall offer the one of the turtledoves, or of the young pigeons, such as he can 
get;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Even    
such as he is able to get, the one for a sin offering, and the other for a      
burnt offering, with the meat offering: and the priest shall make an atonement  
for him that is to be cleansed before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law of him in whom is the plague of 
leprosy, whose hand is not able to get that which pertaineth to his             
cleansing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And YHVH spake unto Moses and unto Aaron, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>When ye be come into the land of  
Canaan, which I give to you for a possession, and I put the plague of leprosy   
in a house of the land of your possession;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that owneth the house shall come and     
tell the priest, saying, It seemeth to me there is as it were a plague in the   
house:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Then  
the priest shall command that they empty the house, before the priest go into   
it to see the plague, that all that is in the house be not made unclean: and    
afterward the priest shall go in to see the house:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall look on the plague,  
and, behold, if the plague be in the walls of the house with hollow streaks,    
greenish or reddish, which in sight are lower than the wall;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall go out  
of the house to the door of the house, and shut up the house seven days:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest  
shall come again the seventh day, and shall look: and, behold, if the plague be 
spread in the walls of the house;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40>  
<H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall command that they take away the    
stones in which the plague is, and they shall cast them into an unclean place   
without the city:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And he shall cause the house to be scraped within round about, and they  
shall pour out the dust that they scrape off without the city into an unclean   
place:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
they shall take other stones, and put them in the place of those stones; and he 
shall take other mortar, and shall plaster the house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the plague come again, and 
break out in the house, after that he hath taken away the stones, and after he  
hath scraped the house, and after it is plastered;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the priest shall come and    
look, and, behold, if the plague be spread in the house, it is a fretting       
leprosy in the house; it is unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall break down the house, the stones   
of it, and the timber thereof, and all the mortar of the house; and he shall    
carry them forth out of the city into an unclean place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he that goeth into the   
house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>And he that lieth in 
the house shall wash his clothes; and he that eateth in the house shall wash    
his clothes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>
And if the priest shall come in, and look upon it, and, behold, the plague hath 
not spread in the house, after the house was plastered: then the priest shall   
pronounce the house clean, because the plague is healed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take to cleanse the  
house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall kill the one of the  
birds in an earthen vessel over running water:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall take the cedar wood, and the    
hyssop, and the scarlet, and the living bird, and dip them in the blood of the  
slain bird, and in the running water, and sprinkle the house seven times:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall    
cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the running water, and   
with the living bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with    
the scarlet:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>
But he shall let go the living bird out of the city into the open fields, and   
make an atonement for the house: and it shall be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law for all manner of 
plague of leprosy, and scall,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4>  
55</H4></TD><TD><P>And for the leprosy of a garment, and of a house,</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V56><H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P>And for a rising,    
and for a scab, and for a bright spot:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V57><H4>57</H4></TD><TD><P>To teach when it is unclean, and when it is     
clean: this is the law of leprosy.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is    
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B03C015.htm'>Leviticus 15</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
