<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C022.htm'>Jeremiah 22</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe be unto the pastors that    
destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture! saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM   
of Israel against the pastors that feed my people; Ye have scattered my flock,  
and driven them away, and have not visited them: behold, I will visit upon you  
the evil of your doings, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will gather the remnant of my flock out of all      
countries whither I have driven them, and will bring them again to their folds; 
and they shall be fruitful and increase.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set up shepherds over them which shall 
feed them: and they shall fear no more, nor be dismayed, neither shall they be  
lacking, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that I will raise unto David a        
righteous Branch, and a King shall reign and prosper, and shall execute         
judgment and justice in the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>In his days Judah shall be saved, and Israel shall dwell  
safely: and this is his name whereby he shall be called, YHVH OUR               
RIGHTEOUSNESS.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>
Therefore, behold, the days come, saith YHVH, that they shall no more say, YHVH 
liveth, which brought up the children of Israel out of the land of Egypt;</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But, YHVH liveth, 
which brought up and which led the seed of the house of Israel out of the north 
country, and from all countries whither I had driven them; and they shall dwell 
in their own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Mine heart within me is broken because of the prophets; all my bones     
shake; I am like a drunken man, and like a man whom wine hath overcome, because 
of YHVH, and because of the words of his holiness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For the land is full of           
adulterers; for because of swearing the land mourneth; the pleasant places of   
the wilderness are dried up, and their course is evil, and their force is not   
right.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
both prophet and priest are profane; yea, in my house have I found their        
wickedness, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Wherefore their way shall be unto them as slippery ways in the      
darkness: they shall be driven on, and fall therein: for I will bring evil upon 
them, even the year of their visitation, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I have seen folly in the      
prophets of Samaria; they prophesied in Baal, and caused my people Israel to    
err.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>I have  
seen also in the prophets of Jerusalem an horrible thing: they commit adultery, 
and walk in lies: they strengthen also the hands of evildoers, that none doth   
return from his wickedness; they are all of them unto me as Sodom, and the      
inhabitants thereof as Gomorrah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>   
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of hosts concerning the        
prophets; Behold, I will feed them with wormwood, and make them drink the water 
of gall: for from the prophets of Jerusalem is profaneness gone forth into all  
the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Thus saith YHVH of hosts, Hearken not unto the words of the prophets that       
prophesy unto you: they make you vain: they speak a vision of their own heart,  
and not out of the mouth of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>  
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>They say still unto them that despise me, YHVH hath      
said, Ye shall have peace; and they say unto every one that walketh after the   
imagination of his own heart, No evil shall come upon you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For who hath stood in the counsel 
of YHVH, and hath perceived and heard his word? who hath marked his word, and   
heard it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Behold, a whirlwind of YHVH is gone forth in fury, even a grievous whirlwind:   
it shall fall grievously upon the head of the wicked.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The anger of YHVH shall not       
return, until he have executed, and till he have performed the thoughts of his  
heart: in the latter days ye shall consider it perfectly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>I have not sent these prophets,   
yet they ran: I have not spoken to them, yet they prophesied.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>But if they had stood in my   
counsel, and had caused my people to hear my words, then they should have       
turned them from their evil way, and from the evil of their doings.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Am I a ELOHIYM at    
hand, saith YHVH, and not a ELOHIYM afar off?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Can any hide himself in secret places that I 
shall not see him? saith YHVH. Do not I fill heaven and earth? saith YHVH.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>I have heard    
what the prophets said, that prophesy lies in my name, saying, I have dreamed,  
I have dreamed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD>
<P>How long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies? yea, 
they are prophets of the deceit of their own heart;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Which think to cause my people to 
forget my name by their dreams which they tell every man to his neighbour, as   
their fathers have forgotten my name for Baal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>The prophet that hath a dream, let him tell  
a dream; and he that hath my word, let him speak my word faithfully. What is    
the chaff to the wheat? saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29>
<H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Is not my word like as a fire? saith YHVH; and like a    
hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, behold, I am against the prophets,   
saith YHVH, that steal my words every one from his neighbour.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I am against the      
prophets, saith YHVH, that use their tongues, and say, He saith.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I am against them 
that prophesy false dreams, saith YHVH, and do tell them, and cause my people   
to err by their lies, and by their lightness; yet I sent them not, nor          
commanded them: therefore they shall not profit this people at all, saith       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when this people, or the prophet, or a priest, shall ask thee, saying, What is  
the burden of YHVH? thou shalt then say unto them, What burden? I will even     
forsake you, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And as for the prophet, and the priest, and the people, that shall  
say, The burden of YHVH, I will even punish that man and his house.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shall ye say    
every one to his neighbour, and every one to his brother, What hath YHVH        
answered? and, What hath YHVH spoken?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And the burden of YHVH shall ye mention no      
more: for every man's word shall be his burden; for ye have perverted the words 
of the living ELOHIYM, of YHVH of hosts our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shalt thou say to the        
prophet, What hath YHVH answered thee? and, What hath YHVH spoken?</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>But since ye say, The     
burden of YHVH; therefore thus saith YHVH; Because ye say this word, The burden 
of YHVH, and I have sent unto you, saying, Ye shall not say, The burden of      
YHVH;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Therefore, behold, I, even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you,  
and the city that I gave you and your fathers, and cast you out of my           
presence:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I will bring an everlasting reproach upon you, and a perpetual shame, which 
shall not be forgotten.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright     
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B24C024.htm'>Jeremiah 24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
