<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C002.htm'>2nd Kings 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now Jehoram the son of Ahab began to reign over Israel in Samaria the    
eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah, and reigned twelve years.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he wrought evil in 
the sight of YHVH; but not like his father, and like his mother: for he put     
away the image of Baal that his father had made.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless he cleaved unto the    
sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which made Israel to sin; he departed not    
therefrom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Mesha king of Moab was a sheepmaster, and rendered unto the king of Israel an   
hundred thousand lambs, and an hundred thousand rams, with the wool.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But it came to pass,   
when Ahab was dead, that the king of Moab rebelled against the king of          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
king Jehoram went out of Samaria the same time, and numbered all Israel.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went and   
sent to Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, saying, The king of Moab hath rebelled   
against me: wilt thou go with me against Moab to battle? And he said, I will go 
up: I am as thou art, my people as thy people, and my horses as thy horses.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said,      
Which way shall we go up? And he answered, The way through the wilderness of    
Edom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>So the   
king of Israel went, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom: and they      
fetched a compass of seven days' journey: and there was no water for the host,  
and for the cattle that followed them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said, Alas! that YHVH    
hath called these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of        
Moab!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>But    
Jehoshaphat said, Is there not here a prophet of YHVH, that we may enquire of   
YHVH by him? And one of the king of Israel's servants answered and said, Here   
is Elisha the son of Shaphat, which poured water on the hands of Elijah.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat 
said, The word of YHVH is with him. So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and   
the king of Edom went down to him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13> 
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, What have I to  
do with thee? get thee to the prophets of thy father, and to the prophets of    
thy mother. And the king of Israel said unto him, Nay: for YHVH hath called     
these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of Moab.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha said, As YHVH  
of hosts liveth, before whom I stand, surely, were it not that I regard the     
presence of Jehoshaphat the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor    
see thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But now bring me a minstrel. And it came to pass, when the minstrel played,     
that the hand of YHVH came upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Thus saith YHVH, Make this valley  
full of ditches.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>For thus saith YHVH, Ye shall not see wind, neither shall ye see rain;   
yet that valley shall be filled with water, that ye may drink, both ye, and     
your cattle, and your beasts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>  
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is but a light thing in the sight of YHVH: he will  
deliver the Moabites also into your hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall smite every fenced city, and every 
choice city, and shall fell every good tree, and stop all wells of water, and   
mar every good piece of land with stones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the morning, when the    
meat offering was offered, that, behold, there came water by the way of Edom,   
and the country was filled with water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the Moabites heard that the kings  
were come up to fight against them, they gathered all that were able to put on  
armor, and upward, and stood in the border.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rose up early in the morning, and the  
sun shone upon the water, and the Moabites saw the water on the other side as   
red as blood:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And they said, This is blood: the kings are surely slain, and they have      
smitten one another: now therefore, Moab, to the spoil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they came to the camp of 
Israel, the Israelites rose up and smote the Moabites, so that they fled before 
them: but they went forward smiting the Moabites, even in their country.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they beat   
down the cities, and on every good piece of land cast every man his stone, and  
filled it; and they stopped all the wells of water, and felled all the good     
trees: only in Kirharaseth left they the stones thereof; howbeit the slingers   
went about it, and smote it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>   
26</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the king of Moab saw that the battle was too sore   
for him, he took with him seven hundred men that drew swords, to break through  
even unto the king of Edom: but they could not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he took his eldest son that should have 
reigned in his stead, and offered him for a burnt offering upon the wall. And   
there was great indignation against Israel: and they departed from him, and     
returned to their own land.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B12C004.htm'>2nd Kings 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
