<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Malachi, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B39C002.htm'>Malachi 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Malachi</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4> 
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the    
way before me: and the ADOWN, whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to his temple,  
even the messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: behold, he shall come,  
saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But who may abide the day of his coming? and who shall stand when he     
appeareth? for he is like a refiner's fire, and like fullers' soap:</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall sit as a  
refiner and purifier of silver: and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge 
them as gold and silver, that they may offer unto YHVH an offering in           
righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>
Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be pleasant unto YHVH, as in the 
days of old, and as in former years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will be a  
swift witness against the sorcerers, and against the adulterers, and against    
false swearers, and against those that oppress the hireling in his wages, the   
widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the stranger from his right, and 
fear not me, saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>   
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For I am YHVH, I change not; therefore ye sons of Jacob   
are not consumed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Even from the days of your fathers ye are gone away from mine ordinances,    
and have not kept them. Return unto me, and I will return unto you, saith YHVH  
of hosts. But ye said, Wherein shall we return?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Will a man rob ELOHIYM? Yet ye have robbed me. 
But ye say, Wherein have we robbed thee? In tithes and offerings.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye are cursed with a curse: 
for ye have robbed me, even this whole nation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, 
that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith YHVH of  
hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a         
blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will rebuke the         
devourer for your sakes, and he shall not destroy the fruits of your ground;    
neither shall your vine cast her fruit before the time in the field, saith YHVH 
of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And all nations shall call you blessed: for ye shall be a delightsome land,     
saith YHVH of hosts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Your words have been stout against me, saith YHVH. Yet ye say, What 
have we spoken so much against thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have said, It is vain to serve ELOHIYM: and  
what profit is it that we have kept his ordinance, and that we have walked      
mournfully before YHVH of hosts?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>   
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And now we call the proud happy; yea, they that work     
wickedness are set up; yea, they that tempt ELOHIYM are even delivered.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they that       
feared YHVH spake often one to another: and YHVH hearkened, and heard it, and a 
book of remembrance was written before him for them that feared YHVH, and that  
thought upon his name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And they shall be mine, saith YHVH of hosts, in that day when I     
make up my jewels; and I will spare them, as a man spareth his own son that     
serveth him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>
Then shall ye return, and discern between the righteous and the wicked, between 
him that serveth ELOHIYM and him that serveth him not.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B39C004.htm'>Malachi 4</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
