<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 58 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C057.htm'>Isaiah 57</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 58</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, and   
shew my people their transgression, and the house of Jacob their sins.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet they seek me       
daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation that did righteousness, and     
forsook not the ordinance of their ELOHIYM: they ask of me the ordinances of    
justice; they take delight in approaching to ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore have we fasted, say they, 
and thou seest not? wherefore have we afflicted our soul, and thou takest no    
knowledge? Behold, in the day of your fast ye find pleasure, and exact all your 
labours.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite with the fist of            
wickedness: ye shall not fast as ye do this day, to make your voice to be heard 
on high.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Is it 
such a fast that I have chosen? a day for a man to afflict his soul? is it to   
bow down his head as a bulrush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him?    
wilt thou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Is not this the fast that I have    
chosen? to loose the bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and to let 
the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Is it not to deal thy bread to the  
hungry, and that thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when thou  
seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou hide not thyself from thine 
own flesh?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then shall thy light break forth as the morning, and thine health shall spring  
forth speedily: and thy righteousness shall go before thee; the glory of YHVH   
shall be thy rereward.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou call, and YHVH shall answer; thou shalt cry, and he 
shall say, Here I am. If thou take away from the midst of thee the yoke, the    
putting forth of the finger, and speaking vanity;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And if thou draw out thy soul to  
the hungry, and satisfy the afflicted soul; then shall thy light rise in        
obscurity, and thy darkness be as the noon day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall guide thee continually, and   
satisfy thy soul in drought, and make fat thy bones: and thou shalt be like a   
watered garden, and like a spring of water, whose waters fail not.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they that shall be of 
thee shall build the old waste places: thou shalt raise up the foundations of   
many generations; and thou shalt be called, The repairer of the breach, The     
restorer of paths to dwell in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4> 
13</H4></TD><TD><P>If thou turn away thy foot from the sabbath, from doing thy  
pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight, the holy of YHVH,      
honourable; and shalt honour him, not doing thine own ways, nor finding thine   
own pleasure, nor speaking thine own words:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shalt thou delight thyself in YHVH; and I  
will cause thee to ride upon the high places of the earth, and feed thee with   
the heritage of Jacob thy father: for the mouth of YHVH hath spoken it.</P></TD>
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C059.htm'>Isaiah 59</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
