<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Micah, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B33C004.htm'>Micah 4</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Micah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now gather thyself in troops, O daughter of troops: he hath laid siege   
against us: they shall smite the judge of Israel with a rod upon the cheek.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But thou,         
Bethlehem Ephratah, though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out 
of thee shall he come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel; whose goings 
forth have been from of old, from everlasting.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore will he give them up, until the time 
that she which travaileth hath brought forth: then the remnant of his brethren  
shall return unto the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall stand and feed in the strength of    
YHVH, in the majesty of the name of YHVH his ELOHIYM; and they shall abide: for 
now shall he be great unto the ends of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And this man shall be the peace,    
when the Assyrian shall come into our land: and when he shall tread in our      
palaces, then shall we raise against him seven shepherds, and eight principal   
men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they  
shall waste the land of Assyria with the sword, and the land of Nimrod in the   
entrances thereof: thus shall he deliver us from the Assyrian, when he cometh   
into our land, and when he treadeth within our borders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant of Jacob shall be   
in the midst of many people as a dew from YHVH, as the showers upon the grass,  
that tarrieth not for man, nor waiteth for the sons of men.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the remnant of Jacob shall  
be among the Gentiles in the midst of many people as a lion among the beasts of 
the forest, as a young lion among the flocks of sheep: who, if he go through,   
both treadeth down, and teareth in pieces, and none can deliver.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Thine hand shall be lifted  
up upon thine adversaries, and all thine enemies shall be cut off.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass 
in that day, saith YHVH, that I will cut off thy horses out of the midst of     
thee, and I will destroy thy chariots:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cut off the cities of thy land, and  
throw down all thy strong holds:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>   
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cut off witchcrafts out of thine hand; and    
thou shalt have no more soothsayers:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy graven images also will I cut off, and thy  
standing images out of the midst of thee; and thou shalt no more worship the    
work of thine hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And I will pluck up thy groves out of the midst of thee: so will I  
destroy thy cities.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And I will execute vengeance in anger and fury upon the heathen, such as 
they have not heard.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000   
by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                  
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B33C006.htm'>Micah 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
