<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C020.htm'>Judges 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now the men of Israel had sworn in Mizpeh, saying, There shall not any of us    
give his daughter unto Benjamin to wife.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people came to the house of EL, and abode 
there till even before ELOHIYM, and lifted up their voices, and wept sore;</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And said, O YHVH  
ELOHIYM of Israel, why is this come to pass in Israel, that there should be to  
day one tribe lacking in Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the morrow, that the people rose       
early, and built there an altar, and offered burnt offerings and peace          
offerings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the children of Israel said, Who is there among all the tribes of Israel that   
came not up with the congregation unto YHVH? For they had made a great oath     
concerning him that came not up to YHVH to Mizpeh, saying, He shall surely be   
put to death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the children of Israel repented them for Benjamin their brother, and said,  
There is one tribe cut off from Israel this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>How shall we do for wives for them  
that remain, seeing we have sworn by YHVH that we will not give them of our     
daughters to wives?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And they said, What one is there of the tribes of Israel that came not   
up to Mizpeh to YHVH? And, behold, there came none to the camp from             
Jabeshgilead to the assembly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>   
9</H4></TD><TD><P>For the people were numbered, and, behold, there were none of 
the inhabitants of Jabeshgilead there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the congregation sent thither twelve        
thousand men of the valiantest, and commanded them, saying, Go and smite the    
inhabitants of Jabeshgilead with the edge of the sword, with the women and the  
children.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And this is the thing that ye shall do, Ye shall utterly destroy every male,    
and every woman that hath lain by man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And they found among the inhabitants of         
Jabeshgilead four hundred young virgins, that had known no man by lying with    
any male: and they brought them unto the camp to Shiloh, which is in the land   
of Canaan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the whole congregation sent some to speak to the children of Benjamin that  
were in the rock Rimmon, and to call peaceably unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Benjamin came again at that   
time; and they gave them wives which they had saved alive of the women of       
Jabeshgilead: and yet so they sufficed them not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people repented them for  
Benjamin, because that YHVH had made a breach in the tribes of Israel.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the elders of   
the congregation said, How shall we do for wives for them that remain, seeing   
the women are destroyed out of Benjamin?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And they said, There must be an inheritance for 
them that be escaped of Benjamin, that a tribe be not destroyed out of          
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Howbeit we may not give them wives of our daughters: for the children of Israel 
have sworn, saying, Cursed be he that giveth a wife to Benjamin.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they said, Behold,   
there is a feast of YHVH in Shiloh yearly in a place which is on the north side 
of Bethel, on the east side of the highway that goeth up from Bethel to         
Shechem, and on the south of Lebonah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore they commanded the children of        
Benjamin, saying, Go and lie in wait in the vineyards;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And see, and, behold, if the      
daughters of Shiloh come out to dance in dances, then come ye out of the        
vineyards, and catch you every man his wife of the daughters of Shiloh, and go  
to the land of Benjamin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And it shall be, when their fathers or their brethren come unto us  
to complain, that we will say unto them, Be favorable unto them for our sakes:  
because we reserved not to each man his wife in the war: for ye did not give    
unto them at this time, that ye should be guilty.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Benjamin did  
so, and took them wives, according to their number, of them that danced, whom   
they caught: and they went and returned unto their inheritance, and repaired    
the cities, and dwelt in them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4> 
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel departed thence at that time,     
every man to his tribe and to his family, and they went out from thence every   
man to his inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>In those days there was no king in Israel: every man did that which 
was right in his own eyes.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright  
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B08C001.htm'>Ruth 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
