<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 29 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C028.htm'>Ezekiel 28</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>In the tenth year, in the tenth month, in the twelfth day of  
the month, the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, set thy face against    
Pharaoh king of Egypt, and prophesy against him, and against all Egypt:</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak, and say, Thus   
saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I am against thee, Pharaoh king of Egypt, the    
great dragon that lieth in the midst of his rivers, which hath said, My river   
is mine own, and I have made it for myself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>But I will put hooks in thy jaws, and I will      
cause the fish of thy rivers to stick unto thy scales, and I will bring thee up 
out of the midst of thy rivers, and all the fish of thy rivers shall stick unto 
thy scales.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all the fish of thy  
rivers: thou shalt fall upon the open fields; thou shalt not be brought         
together, nor gathered: I have given thee for meat to the beasts of the field   
and to the fowls of the heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4> 
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the inhabitants of Egypt shall know that I am YHVH,   
because they have been a staff of reed to the house of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>When they took hold of thee by  
thy hand, thou didst break, and rend all their shoulder: and when they leaned   
upon thee, thou brakest, and madest all their loins to be at a stand.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith   
the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I will bring a sword upon thee, and cut off man and    
beast out of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the land of Egypt shall be desolate and waste; and they shall know   
that I am YHVH: because he hath said, The river is mine, and I have made it.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold,         
therefore I am against thee, and against thy rivers, and I will make the land   
of Egypt utterly waste and desolate, from the tower of Syene even unto the      
border of Ethiopia.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>No foot of man shall pass through it, nor foot of beast shall pass       
through it, neither shall it be inhabited forty years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make the land of Egypt 
desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate, and her cities among  
the cities that are laid waste shall be desolate forty years: and I will        
scatter the Egyptians among the nations, and will disperse them through the     
countries.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Yet thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; At the end of forty years will I gather the     
Egyptians from the people whither they were scattered:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will bring again the        
captivity of Egypt, and will cause them to return into the land of Pathros,     
into the land of their habitation; and they shall be there a base kingdom.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>It shall be the 
basest of the kingdoms; neither shall it exalt itself any more above the        
nations: for I will diminish them, that they shall no more rule over the        
nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
it shall be no more the confidence of the house of Israel, which bringeth their 
iniquity to remembrance, when they shall look after them: but they shall know   
that I am the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>     
17</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the seven and twentieth year, in the  
first month, in the first day of the month, the word of YHVH came unto me,      
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Son  
of man, Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon caused his army to serve a great service 
against Tyrus: every head was made bald, and every shoulder was peeled: yet had 
he no wages, nor his army, for Tyrus, for the service that he had served        
against it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I will give the land of Egypt     
unto Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take her multitude, and take  
her spoil, and take her prey; and it shall be the wages for his army.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>I have given him the 
land of Egypt for his labour wherewith he served against it, because they       
wrought for me, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day will I cause the horn of the house  
of Israel to bud forth, and I will give thee the opening of the mouth in the    
midst of them; and they shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>        
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B26C030.htm'>Ezekiel 30</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
