<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 26 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C025.htm'>Deuteronomy 25</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 26</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, when thou art  
come in unto the land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee for an inheritance,    
and possessest it, and dwellest therein;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That thou shalt take of the first of all the      
fruit of the earth, which thou shalt bring of thy land that YHVH thy ELOHIYM    
giveth thee, and shalt put it in a basket, and shalt go unto the place which    
YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall choose to place his name there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt go unto the priest   
that shall be in those days, and say unto him, I profess this day unto YHVH thy 
ELOHIYM, that I am come unto the country which YHVH sware unto our fathers for  
to give us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the priest shall take the basket out of thine hand, and set it down before  
the altar of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt speak and say before YHVH thy ELOHIYM, A       
Syrian ready to perish was my father, and he went down into Egypt, and          
sojourned there with a few, and became there a nation, great, mighty, and       
populous:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the Egyptians evil entreated us, and afflicted us, and laid upon us hard        
bondage:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
when we cried unto YHVH ELOHIYM of our fathers, YHVH heard our voice, and       
looked on our affliction, and our labor, and our oppression:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH brought us forth out   
of Egypt with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm, and with great       
terribleness, and with signs, and with wonders:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hath brought us into this place, and    
hath given us this land, even a land that floweth with milk and honey.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, behold, I   
have brought the firstfruits of the land, which thou, O YHVH, hast given me.    
And thou shalt set it before YHVH thy ELOHIYM, and worship before YHVH thy      
ELOHIYM:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
thou shalt rejoice in every good thing which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath given unto   
thee, and unto thine house, thou, and the Levite, and the stranger that is      
among you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
When thou hast made an end of tithing all the tithes of thine increase the      
third year, which is the year of tithing, and hast given it unto the Levite,    
the stranger, the fatherless, and the widow, that they may eat within thy       
gates, and be filled;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Then thou shalt say before YHVH thy ELOHIYM, I have brought away    
the hallowed things out of mine house, and also have given them unto the        
Levite, and unto the stranger, to the fatherless, and to the widow, according   
to all thy commandments which thou hast commanded me: I have not transgressed   
thy commandments, neither have I forgotten them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>I have not eaten thereof in my    
mourning, neither have I taken away ought thereof for any unclean use, nor      
given ought thereof for the dead: but I have hearkened to the voice of YHVH my  
ELOHIYM, and have done according to all that thou hast commanded me.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Look down from thy   
holy habitation, from heaven, and bless thy people Israel, and the land which   
thou hast given us, as thou swarest unto our fathers, a land that floweth with  
milk and honey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD>
<P>This day YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath commanded thee to do these statutes and       
judgments: thou shalt therefore keep and do them with all thine heart, and with 
all thy soul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Thou hast avouched YHVH this day to be thy ELOHIYM, and to walk in his ways, 
and to keep his statutes, and his commandments, and his judgments, and to       
hearken unto his voice:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH hath avouched thee this day to be his peculiar people, as  
he hath promised thee, and that thou shouldest keep all his commandments;</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And to make     
thee high above all nations which he hath made, in praise, and in name, and in  
honor; and that thou mayest be an holy people unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM, as he hath 
spoken.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C027.htm'>Deuteronomy 27</A>  
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
