<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 12 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C011.htm'>Revelation 11</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 12</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And there appeared a great wonder in heaven; a woman clothed with the    
sun, and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of twelve stars:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And she being     
with child cried, travailing in birth, and pained to be delivered.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And there appeared another  
wonder in heaven; and behold a great red dragon, having seven heads and ten     
horns, and seven crowns upon his heads.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And his tail drew the third part of the stars of  
heaven, and did cast them to the earth: and the dragon stood before the woman   
which was ready to be delivered, for to devour her child as soon as it was      
born.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And she  
brought forth a man child, who was to rule all nations with a rod of iron: and  
her child was caught up unto ELOHIYM, and to his throne.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the woman fled into the         
wilderness, where she hath a place prepared of ELOHIYM, that they should feed   
her there a thousand two hundred and threescore days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was war in heaven:        
Michael and his angels fought against the dragon; and the dragon fought and his 
angels,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
prevailed not; neither was their place found any more in heaven.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the great dragon was    
cast out, that old serpent, called the Devil, and Satan, which deceiveth the    
whole world: he was cast out into the earth, and his angels were cast out with  
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And I   
heard a loud voice saying in heaven, Now is come salvation, and strength, and   
the kingdom of our ELOHIYM, and the power of his MASHIYACH: for the accuser of  
our brethren is cast down, which accused them before our EL day and night.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And they        
overcame him by the blood of the Lamb, and by the word of their testimony; and  
they loved not their lives unto the death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that      
dwell in them. Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea! for the devil 
is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but  
a short time.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And when the dragon saw that he was cast unto the earth, he persecuted the   
woman which brought forth the man child.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And to the woman were given two wings of a      
great eagle, that she might fly into the wilderness, into her place, where she  
is nourished for a time, and times, and half a time, from the face of the       
serpent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the serpent cast out of his mouth water as a flood after the woman, that he     
might cause her to be carried away of the flood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And the earth helped the woman,   
and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon     
cast out of his mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And the dragon was wroth with the woman, and went to make war with  
the remnant of her seed, which keep the commandments of ELOHIYM, and have the   
testimony of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is       
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B66C013.htm'>Revelation 13</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
