<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Micah, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B33C006.htm'>Micah 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the   
Prophet Micah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>      
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Woe is me! for I am as when they have gathered the summer fruits, as the 
grapegleanings of the vintage: there is no cluster to eat: my soul desired the  
firstripe fruit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>The good man is perished out of the earth: and there is none upright among   
men: they all lie in wait for blood; they hunt every man his brother with a     
net.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>That they 
may do evil with both hands earnestly, the prince asketh, and the judge asketh  
for a reward; and the great man, he uttereth his mischievous desire: so they    
wrap it up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>   
The best of them is as a brier: the most upright is sharper than a thorn hedge: 
the day of thy watchmen and thy visitation cometh; now shall be their           
perplexity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Trust ye not in a friend, put ye not confidence in a guide: keep the doors of   
thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For the son dishonoureth the father, the daughter 
riseth up against her mother, the daughter in law against her mother in law; a  
man's enemies are the men of his own house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore I will look unto YHVH; I will wait for  
the ELOHIYM of my salvation: my ELOHIYM will hear me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Rejoice not against me, O mine      
enemy: when I fall, I shall arise; when I sit in darkness, YHVH shall be a      
light unto me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>
I will bear the indignation of YHVH, because I have sinned against him, until   
he plead my cause, and execute judgment for me: he will bring me forth to the   
light, and I shall behold his righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Then she that is mine enemy shall see it, and   
shame shall cover her which said unto me, Where is YHVH thy ELOHIYM? mine eyes  
shall behold her: now shall she be trodden down as the mire of the streets.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>In the day that 
thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>In that day also he  
shall come even to thee from Assyria, and from the fortified cities, and from   
the fortress even to the river, and from sea to sea, and from mountain to       
mountain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Notwithstanding the land shall be desolate because of them that dwell therein,  
for the fruit of their doings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4> 
14</H4></TD><TD><P>Feed thy people with thy rod, the flock of thine heritage,   
which dwell solitarily in the wood, in the midst of Carmel: let them feed in    
Bashan and Gilead, as in the days of old.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>According to the days of thy coming out of the  
land of Egypt will I shew unto him marvellous things.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The nations shall see and be      
confounded at all their might: they shall lay their hand upon their mouth,      
their ears shall be deaf.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>      
17</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall lick the dust like a serpent, they shall move out 
of their holes like worms of the earth: they shall be afraid of YHVH our        
ELOHIYM, and shall fear because of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Who is a EL like unto thee, that pardoneth      
iniquity, and passeth by the transgression of the remnant of his heritage? he   
retaineth not his anger for ever, because he delighteth in mercy.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>He will turn again, he    
will have compassion upon us; he will subdue our iniquities; and thou wilt cast 
all their sins into the depths of the sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou wilt perform the truth to Jacob, and the   
mercy to Abraham, which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of       
old.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt,  
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B34C001.htm'>Nahum 1</A></CENTER></P>  
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
