<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of the Kings, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James    
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C024.htm'>2nd Samuel 24</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Now king David was old and stricken in years; and they covered him with  
clothes, but he gat no heat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>    
2</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore his servants said unto him, Let there be sought for 
my lord the king a young virgin: and let her stand before the king, and let her 
cherish him, and let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord the king may get        
heat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>So they  
sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel, and found Abishag 
a Shunammite, and brought her to the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the damsel was very fair, and cherished the   
king, and ministered to him: but the king knew her not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Adonijah the son of Haggith    
exalted himself, saying, I will be king: and he prepared him chariots and       
horsemen, and fifty men to run before him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And his father had not displeased him at any time 
in saying, Why hast thou done so? and he also was a very goodly man; and his    
mother bare him after Absalom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>  
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with       
Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But Zadok the priest, and       
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and Nathan the prophet, and Shimei, and Rei, and   
the mighty men which belonged to David, were not with Adonijah.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And Adonijah slew sheep and 
oxen and fat cattle by the stone of Zoheleth, which is by Enrogel, and called   
all his brethren the king's sons, and all the men of Judah the king's           
servants:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah, and the mighty men, and Solomon his        
brother, he called not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Wherefore Nathan spake unto Bathsheba the mother of Solomon,        
saying, Hast thou not heard that Adonijah the son of Haggith doth reign, and    
David our lord knoweth it not?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4> 
12</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore come, let me, I pray thee, give thee counsel,  
that thou mayest save thine own life, and the life of thy son Solomon.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Go and get thee in   
unto king David, and say unto him, Didst not thou, my lord, O king, swear unto  
thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall reign after me, and he  
shall sit upon my throne? why then doth Adonijah reign?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, while thou yet talkest    
there with the king, I also will come in after thee, and confirm thy words.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Bathsheba   
went in unto the king into the chamber: and the king was very old; and Abishag  
the Shunammite ministered unto the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Bathsheba bowed, and did obeisance unto the 
king. And the king said, What wouldest thou?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto him, My lord, thou swarest by 
YHVH thy ELOHIYM unto thine handmaid, saying, Assuredly Solomon thy son shall   
reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And now, behold, Adonijah         
reigneth; and now, my lord the king, thou knowest it not:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And he hath slain oxen and fat    
cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath called all the sons of the king, and    
Abiathar the priest, and Joab the captain of the host: but Solomon thy servant  
hath he not called.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And thou, my lord, O king, the eyes of all Israel are upon thee, that    
thou shouldest tell them who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after  
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Otherwise it shall come to pass, when my lord the king shall sleep with his     
fathers, that I and my son Solomon shall be counted offenders.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And, lo, while she yet talked 
with the king, Nathan the prophet also came in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And they told the king, saying, Behold       
Nathan the prophet. And when he was come in before the king, he bowed himself   
before the king with his face to the ground.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Nathan said, My lord, O king, hast thou     
said, Adonijah shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>For he is gone down  
this day, and hath slain oxen and fat cattle and sheep in abundance, and hath   
called all the king's sons, and the captains of the host, and Abiathar the      
priest; and, behold, they eat and drink before him, and say, Save king          
Adonijah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>   
But me, even me thy servant, and Zadok the priest, and Benaiah the son of       
Jehoiada, and thy servant Solomon, hath he not called.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Is this thing done by my lord the 
king, and thou hast not showed it unto thy servant, who should sit on the       
throne of my lord the king after him?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Then king David answered and said, Call me      
Bathsheba. And she came into the king's presence, and stood before the king.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king    
sware, and said, As YHVH liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of all          
distress,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Even as I sware unto thee by YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, saying, Assuredly Solomon  
thy son shall reign after me, and he shall sit upon my throne in my stead; even 
so will I certainly do this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>   
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Bathsheba bowed with her face to the earth, and did 
reverence to the king, and said, Let my lord king David live for ever.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And king David said, 
Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of        
Jehoiada. And they came before the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>The king also said unto them, Take with you the 
servants of your lord, and cause Solomon my son to ride upon mine own mule, and 
bring him down to Gihon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And let Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet anoint him there    
king over Israel: and blow ye with the trumpet, and say, Save king Solomon.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Then ye shall   
come up after him, that he may come and sit upon my throne; for he shall be     
king in my stead: and I have appointed him to be ruler over Israel and over     
Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Benaiah the son of Jehoiada answered the king, and said, Amen: YHVH ELOHIYM of  
my lord the king say so too.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>   
37</H4></TD><TD><P>As YHVH hath been with my lord the king, even so be he with  
Solomon, and make his throne greater than the throne of my lord king David.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>So Zadok the    
priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and the        
Cherethites, and the Pelethites, went down, and caused Solomon to ride upon     
king David's mule, and brought him to Gihon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zadok the priest took an horn of oil out of 
the tabernacle, and anointed Solomon. And they blew the trumpet; and all the    
people said, Save king Solomon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>
40</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the people came up after him, and the people piped   
with pipes, and rejoiced with great joy, so that the earth rent with the sound  
of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Adonijah and all the guests that were with him heard it as they had made an end 
of eating. And when Joab heard the sound of the trumpet, he said, Wherefore is  
this noise of the city being in an uproar?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And while he yet spake, behold, Jonathan the    
son of Abiathar the priest came; and Adonijah said unto him, Come in; for thou  
art a valiant man, and bringest good tidings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonathan answered and said to Adonijah,  
Verily our lord king David hath made Solomon king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king hath sent with him   
Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada, and  
the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and they have caused him to ride upon the  
king's mule:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Zadok the priest and Nathan the prophet have anointed him king in Gihon:    
and they are come up from thence rejoicing, so that the city rang again. This   
is the noise that ye have heard.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46>   
<H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>And also Solomon sitteth on the throne of the            
kingdom.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
moreover the king's servants came to bless our lord king David, saying, ELOHIYM 
make the name of Solomon better than thy name, and make his throne greater than 
thy throne. And the king bowed himself upon the bed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>And also thus said the king,      
Blessed be YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, which hath given one to sit on my throne     
this day, mine eyes even seeing it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49>
<H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the guests that were with Adonijah were afraid,  
and rose up, and went every man his way.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V50><H4>50</H4></TD><TD><P>And Adonijah feared because of Solomon, and     
arose, and went, and caught hold on the horns of the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told Solomon,      
saying, Behold, Adonijah feareth king Solomon: for, lo, he hath caught hold on  
the horns of the altar, saying, Let king Solomon swear unto me today that he    
will not slay his servant with the sword.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V52><H4>52</H4></TD><TD><P>And Solomon said, If he will show himself a     
worthy man, there shall not an hair of him fall to the earth: but if wickedness 
shall be found in him, he shall die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V53><H4>53</H4></TD><TD><P>So king Solomon sent, and they brought him down 
from the altar. And he came and bowed himself to king Solomon: and Solomon said 
unto him, Go to thine house.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is          
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B11C002.htm'>1st Kings 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
