<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 59 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C058.htm'>Isaiah 58</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 59</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, YHVH's hand is not shortened, that it cannot save;    
neither his ear heavy, that it cannot hear:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But your iniquities have separated between you    
and your ELOHIYM, and your sins have hid his face from you, that he will not    
hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For your 
hands are defiled with blood, and your fingers with iniquity; your lips have    
spoken lies, your tongue hath muttered perverseness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>None calleth for justice, nor any   
pleadeth for truth: they trust in vanity, and speak lies; they conceive         
mischief, and bring forth iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>They hatch cockatrice' eggs, and weave the spider's web:  
he that eateth of their eggs dieth, and that which is crushed breaketh out into 
a viper.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Their 
webs shall not become garments, neither shall they cover themselves with their  
works: their works are works of iniquity, and the act of violence is in their   
hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Their   
feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent blood: their thoughts    
are thoughts of iniquity; wasting and destruction are in their paths.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>The way of peace they  
know not; and there is no judgment in their goings: they have made them crooked 
paths: whosoever goeth therein shall not know peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore is judgment far from us,  
neither doth justice overtake us: we wait for light, but behold obscurity; for  
brightness, but we walk in darkness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>We grope for the wall like the blind, and we    
grope as if we had no eyes: we stumble at noon day as in the night; we are in   
desolate places as dead men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>   
11</H4></TD><TD><P>We roar all like bears, and mourn sore like doves: we look   
for judgment, but there is none; for salvation, but it is far off from us.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For our         
transgressions are multiplied before thee, and our sins testify against us: for 
our transgressions are with us; and as for our iniquities, we know them;</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>In              
transgressing and lying against YHVH, and departing away from our ELOHIYM,      
speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of 
falsehood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And judgment is turned away backward, and justice standeth afar off: for truth  
is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, truth faileth; and he that   
departeth from evil maketh himself a prey: and YHVH saw it, and it displeased   
him that there was no judgment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he saw that there was no man, and wondered that there    
was no intercessor: therefore his arm brought salvation unto him; and his       
righteousness, it sustained him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>   
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For he put on righteousness as a breastplate, and an     
helmet of salvation upon his head; and he put on the garments of vengeance for  
clothing, and was clad with zeal as a cloak.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>According to their deeds, accordingly he will   
repay, fury to his adversaries, recompence to his enemies; to the islands he    
will repay recompence.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>So shall they fear the name of YHVH from the west, and his glory    
from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the      
Spirit of YHVH shall lift up a standard against him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Redeemer shall come to    
Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith YHVH.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>As for me, this is   
my covenant with them, saith YHVH; My spirit that is upon thee, and my words    
which I have put in thy mouth, shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of    
the mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seed's seed, saith YHVH,     
from henceforth and for ever.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is         
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B23C060.htm'>Isaiah 60</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
