<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The First Book of Samuel, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King James      
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B09C018.htm'>1st Samuel 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The First   
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And Saul spake to Jonathan his son, and to all his servants, that they   
should kill David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But Jonathan Saul's son delighted much in David: and Jonathan told       
David, saying, Saul my father seeketh to kill thee: now therefore, I pray thee, 
take heed to thyself until the morning, and abide in a secret place, and hide   
thyself:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I 
will go out and stand beside my father in the field where thou art, and I will  
commune with my father of thee; and what I see, that I will tell thee.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonathan spake     
good of David unto Saul his father, and said unto him, Let not the king sin     
against his servant, against David; because he hath not sinned against thee,    
and because his works have been to thee-ward very good:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For he did put his life in his      
hand, and slew the Philistine, and YHVH wrought a great salvation for all       
Israel: thou sawest it, and didst rejoice: wherefore then wilt thou sin against 
innocent blood, to slay David without a cause?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul hearkened unto the voice of Jonathan: 
and Saul sware, As YHVH liveth, he shall not be slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonathan called David, and      
Jonathan showed him all those things. And Jonathan brought David to Saul, and   
he was in his presence, as in times past.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was war again: and David went out, and  
fought with the Philistines, and slew them with a great slaughter; and they     
fled from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>
And the evil spirit from YHVH was upon Saul, as he sat in his house with his    
javelin in his hand: and David played with his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul sought to smite David    
even to the wall with the javelin: but he slipped away out of Saul's presence,  
and he smote the javelin into the wall: and David fled, and escaped that        
night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Saul  
also sent messengers unto David's house, to watch him, and to slay him in the   
morning: and Michal David's wife told him, saying, If thou save not thy life to 
night, to morrow thou shalt be slain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>So Michal let David down through a window: and  
he went, and fled, and escaped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Michal took an image, and laid it in the bed, and put a  
pillow of goats' hair for his bolster, and covered it with a cloth.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Saul sent   
messengers to take David, she said, He is sick.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul sent the messengers again to see    
David, saying, Bring him up to me in the bed, that I may slay him.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the messengers   
were come in, behold, there was an image in the bed, with a pillow of goats'    
hair for his bolster.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Saul said unto Michal, Why hast thou deceived me so, and sent   
away mine enemy, that he is escaped? And Michal answered Saul, He said unto me, 
Let me go; why should I kill thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18> 
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>So David fled, and escaped, and came to Samuel to Ramah, 
and told him all that Saul had done to him. And he and Samuel went and dwelt in 
Naioth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
it was told Saul, saying, Behold, David is at Naioth in Ramah.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Saul sent messengers to   
take David: and when they saw the company of the prophets prophesying, and      
Samuel standing as appointed over them, the Spirit of ELOHIYM was upon the      
messengers of Saul, and they also prophesied.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And when it was told Saul, he sent other     
messengers, and they prophesied likewise. And Saul sent messengers again the    
third time, and they prophesied also.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Then went he also to Ramah, and came to a great 
well that is in Sechu: and he asked and said, Where are Samuel and David? And   
one said, Behold, they be at Naioth in Ramah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went thither to Naioth in Ramah: and  
the Spirit of ELOHIYM was upon him also, and he went on, and prophesied, until  
he came to Naioth in Ramah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>    
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he stripped off his clothes also, and prophesied before  
Samuel in like manner, and lay down naked all that day and all that night.      
Wherefore they say, Is Saul also among the prophets?</P></TD></TR></TABLE>      
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B09C020.htm'>1st Samuel 20</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>       
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
