<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 20 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C019.htm'>Deuteronomy 19</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>When thou goest out to battle   
against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than   
thou, be not afraid of them: for YHVH thy ELOHIYM is with thee, which brought   
thee up out of the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2>   
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle,   
that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And shall say unto them, Hear, O    
Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your     
hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of  
them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For YHVH 
your ELOHIYM is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies,  
to save you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the officers shall speak unto the people, saying, What man is there that    
hath built a new house, and hath not dedicated it? let him go and return to his 
house, lest he die in the battle, and another man dedicate it.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And what man is he that hath    
planted a vineyard, and hath not yet eaten of it? let him also go and return    
unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man eat of it.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And what man is there  
that hath betrothed a wife, and hath not taken her? let him go and return unto  
his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the officers shall      
speak further unto the people, and they shall say, What man is there that is    
fearful and fainthearted? let him go and return unto his house, lest his        
brethren's heart faint as well as his heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall be, when the officers have made an   
end of speaking unto the people that they shall make captains of the armies to  
lead the people.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>When thou comest nigh unto a city to fight against it, then proclaim     
peace unto it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And it shall be, if it make thee answer of peace, and open unto thee, then   
it shall be, that all the people that is found therein shall be tributaries     
unto thee, and they shall serve thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it will make no peace with thee, but     
will make war against thee, then thou shalt besiege it:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath    
delivered it into thine hands, thou shalt smite every male thereof with the     
edge of the sword:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But the women, and the little ones, and the cattle, and all that is in   
the city, even all the spoil thereof, shalt thou take unto thyself; and thou    
shalt eat the spoil of thine enemies, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath given         
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee, which are   
not of the cities of these nations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16>
<H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But of the cities of these people, which YHVH thy        
ELOHIYM doth give thee for an inheritance, thou shalt save alive nothing that   
breatheth:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But thou shalt utterly destroy them; namely, the Hittites, and the Amorites,    
the Canaanites, and the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites; as YHVH thy 
ELOHIYM hath commanded thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>   
18</H4></TD><TD><P>That they teach you not to do after all their abominations,  
which they have done unto their gods; so should ye sin against YHVH your        
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>    
When thou shalt besiege a city a long time, in making war against it to take    
it, thou shalt not destroy the trees thereof by forcing an axe against them:    
for thou mayest eat of them, and thou shalt not cut them down (for the tree of  
the field is man's life) to employ them in the siege:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Only the trees which thou knowest 
that they be not trees for meat, thou shalt destroy and cut them down; and thou 
shalt build bulwarks against the city that maketh war with thee, until it be    
subdued.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.    
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C021.htm'>Deuteronomy 21</A>  
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
