<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James           
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C005.htm'>Nehemiah 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of    
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now it came to pass when Sanballat, and Tobiah, and Geshem the Arabian, and the 
rest of our enemies, heard that I had builded the wall, and that there was no   
breach left therein; (though at that time I had not set up the doors upon the   
gates;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>That   
Sanballat and Geshem sent unto me, saying, Come, let us meet together in some   
one of the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me mischief.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I sent        
messengers unto them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come    
down: why should the work cease, whilst I leave it, and come down to you?</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet they sent     
unto me four times after this sort; and I answered them after the same          
manner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
sent Sanballat his servant unto me in like manner the fifth time with an open   
letter in his hand;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Wherein was written, It is reported among the heathen, and Gashmu saith  
it, that thou and the Jews think to rebel: for which cause thou buildest the    
wall, that thou mayest be their king, according to these words.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou hast also          
appointed prophets to preach of thee at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in   
Judah: and now shall it be reported to the king according to these words. Come  
now therefore, and let us take counsel together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I sent unto him, saying, There 
are no such things done as thou sayest, but thou feignest them out of thine own 
heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For     
they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work,   
that it be not done. Now therefore, O, strengthen my hands.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Afterward I came unto the     
house of Shemaiah the son of Delaiah the son of Mehetabeel, who was shut up;    
and he said, Let us meet together in the house of ELOHIYM, within the temple,   
and let us shut the doors of the temple: for they will come to slay thee; yea,  
in the night will they come to slay thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And I said, Should such a man as I flee? and    
who is there, that, being as I am, would go into the temple to save his life? I 
will not go in.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And, lo, I perceived that ELOHIYM had not sent him; but that he pronounced   
this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore was he hired,   
that I should be afraid, and do so, and sin, and that they might have matter    
for an evil report, that they might reproach me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>My ELOHIYM, think thou upon       
Tobiah and Sanballat according to these their works, and on the prophetess      
Noadiah, and the rest of the prophets, that would have put me in fear.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>So the wall was      
finished in the twenty and fifth day of the month Elul, in fifty and two        
days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it 
came to pass, that when all our enemies heard thereof, and all the heathen that 
were about us saw these things, they were much cast down in their own eyes: for 
they perceived that this work was wrought of our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover in those days the nobles 
of Judah sent many letters unto Tobiah, and the letters of Tobiah came unto     
them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>For    
there were many in Judah sworn unto him, because he was the son in law of       
Shechaniah the son of Arah; and his son Johanan had taken the daughter of       
Meshullam the son of Berechiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>
19</H4></TD><TD><P>Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my  
words to him. And Tobiah sent letters to put me in fear.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>  
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B16C007.htm'>Nehemiah 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
