<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 17 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C016.htm'>Jeremiah 16</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 17</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The sin of Judah is written     
with a pen of iron, and with the point of a diamond: it is graven upon the      
table of their heart, and upon the horns of your altars;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Whilst their children remember      
their altars and their groves by the green trees upon the high hills.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>O my mountain in the   
field, I will give thy substance and all thy treasures to the spoil, and thy    
high places for sin, throughout all thy borders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou, even thyself, shalt       
discontinue from thine heritage that I gave thee; and I will cause thee to      
serve thine enemies in the land which thou knowest not: for ye have kindled a   
fire in mine anger, which shall burn for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Cursed be the man that        
trusteth in man, and maketh flesh his arm, and whose heart departeth from       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For he   
shall be like the heath in the desert, and shall not see when good cometh; but  
shall inhabit the parched places in the wilderness, in a salt land and not      
inhabited.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Blessed is the man that trusteth in YHVH, and whose hope YHVH is.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For he shall be as a tree   
planted by the waters, and that spreadeth out her roots by the river, and shall 
not see when heat cometh, but her leaf shall be green; and shall not be careful 
in the year of drought, neither shall cease from yielding fruit.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>The heart is deceitful      
above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>I YHVH search the heart, I try    
the reins, even to give every man according to his ways, and according to the   
fruit of his doings.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>As the partridge sitteth on eggs, and hatcheth them not; so he that 
getteth riches, and not by right, shall leave them in the midst of his days,    
and at his end shall be a fool.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>
12</H4></TD><TD><P>A glorious high throne from the beginning is the place of    
our sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>O YHVH, the hope of Israel, all that forsake thee shall be ashamed, and they 
that depart from me shall be written in the earth, because they have forsaken   
YHVH, the fountain of living waters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Heal me, O YHVH, and I shall be healed; save    
me, and I shall be saved: for thou art my praise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, they say unto me, Where   
is the word of YHVH? let it come now.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>As for me, I have not hastened from being a     
pastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the woeful day; thou knowest:     
that which came out of my lips was right before thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Be not a terror unto me: thou art 
my hope in the day of evil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>    
18</H4></TD><TD><P>Let them be confounded that persecute me, but let not me be  
confounded: let them be dismayed, but let not me be dismayed: bring upon them   
the day of evil, and destroy them with double destruction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus said YHVH unto me; Go and    
stand in the gate of the children of the people, whereby the kings of Judah     
come in, and by the which they go out, and in all the gates of Jerusalem;</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And say unto    
them, Hear ye the word of YHVH, ye kings of Judah, and all Judah, and all the   
inhabitants of Jerusalem, that enter in by these gates:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Take heed to     
yourselves, and bear no burden on the sabbath day, nor bring it in by the gates 
of Jerusalem;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Neither carry forth a burden out of your houses on the sabbath day, neither  
do ye any work, but hallow ye the sabbath day, as I commanded your fathers.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>But they obeyed 
not, neither inclined their ear, but made their neck stiff, that they might not 
hear, nor receive instruction.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4> 
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, if ye diligently hearken unto me, 
saith YHVH, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city on the sabbath 
day, but hallow the sabbath day, to do no work therein;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then shall there enter into the   
gates of this city kings and princes sitting upon the throne of David, riding   
in chariots and on horses, they, and their princes, the men of Judah, and the   
inhabitants of Jerusalem: and this city shall remain for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall come from the  
cities of Judah, and from the places about Jerusalem, and from the land of      
Benjamin, and from the plain, and from the mountains, and from the south,       
bringing burnt offerings, and sacrifices, and meat offerings, and incense, and  
bringing sacrifices of praise, unto the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But if ye will not hearken unto   
me to hallow the sabbath day, and not to bear a burden, even entering in at the 
gates of Jerusalem on the sabbath day; then will I kindle a fire in the gates   
thereof, and it shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and it shall not be      
quenched.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.   
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C018.htm'>Jeremiah 18</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
