<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 15 - Sacred     
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B03C014.htm'>Leviticus 14</A></P><CENTER><H2 
ALIGN=CENTER>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A       
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 15</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses and   
to Aaron, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, When any man hath a    
running issue out of his flesh, because of his issue he is unclean.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And this shall be his  
uncleanness in his issue: whether his flesh run with his issue, or his flesh be 
stopped from his issue, it is his uncleanness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Every bed, whereon he lieth that hath the      
issue, is unclean: and every thing, whereon he sitteth, shall be unclean.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And whosoever     
toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be     
unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he that sitteth on any thing whereon he sat that hath the issue 
shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the    
even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And he   
that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes, and  
bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And if he that hath the issue spit  
upon him that is clean; then he shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in    
water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And what saddle soever he rideth upon that hath   
the issue shall be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>    
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And whosoever toucheth any thing that was under him shall be 
unclean until the even: and he that beareth any of those things shall wash his  
clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And whomsoever he    
toucheth that hath the issue, and hath not rinsed his hands in water, he shall  
wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the vessel  
of earth, that he toucheth which hath the issue, shall be broken: and every     
vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of   
his issue; then he shall number to himself seven days for his cleansing, and    
wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in running water, and shall be clean.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the      
eighth day he shall take to him two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, and come 
before YHVH unto the door of the tabernacle of the congregation, and give them  
unto the priest:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And the priest shall offer them, the one for a sin offering, and the     
other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for him      
before YHVH for his issue.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>     
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And if any man's seed of copulation go out from him, then he 
shall wash all his flesh in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And every garment, and    
every skin, whereon is the seed of copulation, shall be washed with water, and  
be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>     
18</H4></TD><TD><P>The woman also with whom man shall lie with seed of          
copulation, they shall both bathe themselves in water, and be unclean until the 
even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And if 
a woman have an issue, and her issue in her flesh be blood, she shall be put    
apart seven days: and whosoever toucheth her shall be unclean until the         
even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
every thing that she lieth upon in her separation shall be unclean: every thing 
also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his   
clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And whosoever        
toucheth any thing that she sat upon shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself  
in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it be on her bed, or on any thing        
whereon she sitteth, when he toucheth it, he shall be unclean until the         
even.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And if 
any man lie with her at all, and her flowers be upon him, he shall be unclean   
seven days; and all the bed whereon he lieth shall be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And if a woman have an issue  
of her blood many days out of the time of her separation, or if it run beyond   
the time of her separation; all the days of the issue of her uncleanness shall  
be as the days of her separation: she shall be unclean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Every bed whereon she lieth all   
the days of her issue shall be unto her as the bed of her separation: and       
whatsoever she sitteth upon shall be unclean, as the uncleanness of her         
separation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean, and shall wash his        
clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the even.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But if she be        
cleansed of her issue, then she shall number to herself seven days, and after   
that she shall be clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And on the eighth day she shall take unto her two turtles, or two   
young pigeons, and bring them unto the priest, to the door of the tabernacle of 
the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for 
a burnt offering; and the priest shall make an atonement for her before YHVH    
for the issue of her uncleanness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>  
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shall ye separate the children of Israel from their 
uncleanness; that they die not in their uncleanness, when they defile my        
tabernacle that is among them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4> 
32</H4></TD><TD><P>This is the law of him that hath an issue, and of him whose  
seed goeth from him, and is defiled therewith;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And of her that is sick of her flowers, and  
of him that hath an issue, of the man, and of the woman, and of him that lieth  
with her that is unclean.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright   
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B03C016.htm'>Leviticus 16</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
