<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C017.htm'>Isaiah 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Woe to the land shadowing with wings, which is beyond the     
rivers of Ethiopia:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>That sendeth ambassadors by the sea, even in vessels of bulrushes upon   
the waters, saying, Go, ye swift messengers, to a nation scattered and peeled,  
to a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation meted out and      
trodden down, whose land the rivers have spoiled!</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>All ye inhabitants of the world,    
and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an ensign on the          
mountains; and when he bloweth a trumpet, hear ye.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For so YHVH said unto me, I will    
take my rest, and I will consider in my dwelling place like a clear heat upon   
herbs, and like a cloud of dew in the heat of harvest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>For afore the harvest, when the bud 
is perfect, and the sour grape is ripening in the flower, he shall both cut off 
the sprigs with pruning hooks, and take away and cut down the branches.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall be left     
together unto the fowls of the mountains, and to the beasts of the earth: and   
the fowls shall summer upon them, and all the beasts of the earth shall winter  
upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>In  
that time shall the present be brought unto YHVH of hosts of a people scattered 
and peeled, and from a people terrible from their beginning hitherto; a nation  
meted out and trodden under foot, whose land the rivers have spoiled, to the    
place of the name of YHVH of hosts, the mount Zion.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>       
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B23C019.htm'>Isaiah 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
