<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 29 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C028.htm'>Jeremiah 28</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 29</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Now these are the words of the  
letter that Jeremiah the prophet sent from Jerusalem unto the residue of the    
elders which were carried away captives, and to the priests, and to the         
prophets, and to all the people whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive    
from Jerusalem to Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>
</TD><TD><P>(After that Jeconiah the king, and the queen, and the eunuchs, the  
princes of Judah and Jerusalem, and the carpenters, and the smiths, were        
departed from Jerusalem;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>By the hand of Elasah the son of Shaphan, and Gemariah the son of   
Hilkiah, (whom Zedekiah king of Judah sent unto Babylon to Nebuchadnezzar king  
of Babylon) saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel, unto all that are       
carried away captives, whom I have caused to be carried away from Jerusalem     
unto Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit of     
them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Take ye  
wives, and beget sons and daughters; and take wives for your sons, and give     
your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters; that ye may  
be increased there, and not diminished.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And seek the peace of the city whither I have     
caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto YHVH for it: for in the   
peace thereof shall ye have peace.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8>  
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Let  
not your prophets and your diviners, that be in the midst of you, deceive you,  
neither hearken to your dreams which ye cause to be dreamed.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>For they prophesy falsely unto  
you in my name: I have not sent them, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith YHVH, That after   
seventy years be accomplished at Babylon I will visit you, and perform my good  
word toward you, in causing you to return to this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>For I know the thoughts that I    
think toward you, saith YHVH, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you   
an expected end.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will 
hearken unto you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all  
your heart.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And I will be found of you, saith YHVH: and I will turn away your captivity,    
and I will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places whither I   
have driven you, saith YHVH; and I will bring you again into the place whence I 
caused you to be carried away captive.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Because ye have said, YHVH hath raised us up    
prophets in Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Know that thus saith YHVH of the king that sitteth upon the throne  
of David, and of all the people that dwelleth in this city, and of your         
brethren that are not gone forth with you into captivity;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts; Behold, 
I will send upon them the sword, the famine, and the pestilence, and will make  
them like vile figs, that cannot be eaten, they are so evil.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will persecute them     
with the sword, with the famine, and with the pestilence, and will deliver them 
to be removed to all the kingdoms of the earth, to be a curse, and an           
astonishment, and an hissing, and a reproach, among all the nations whither I   
have driven them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Because they have not hearkened to my words, saith YHVH, which I sent    
unto them by my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but ye 
would not hear, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>    
20</H4></TD><TD><P>Hear ye therefore the word of YHVH, all ye of the captivity, 
whom I have sent from Jerusalem to Babylon:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of        
Israel, of Ahab the son of Kolaiah, and of Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, which  
prophesy a lie unto you in my name; Behold, I will deliver them into the hand   
of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon; and he shall slay them before your eyes;</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And of them     
shall be taken up a curse by all the captivity of Judah which are in Babylon,   
saying, YHVH make thee like Zedekiah and like Ahab, whom the king of Babylon    
roasted in the fire;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Because they have committed villany in Israel, and have committed   
adultery with their neighbours' wives, and have spoken lying words in my name,  
which I have not commanded them; even I know, and am a witness, saith YHVH.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shalt thou 
also speak to Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus speaketh YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of  
Israel, saying, Because thou hast sent letters in thy name unto all the people  
that are at Jerusalem, and to Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, and to  
all the priests, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>
</TD><TD><P>YHVH hath made thee priest in the stead of Jehoiada the priest,     
that ye should be officers in the house of YHVH, for every man that is mad, and 
maketh himself a prophet, that thou shouldest put him in prison, and in the     
stocks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Now  
therefore why hast thou not reproved Jeremiah of Anathoth, which maketh himself 
a prophet to you?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>For therefore he sent unto us in Babylon, saying, This captivity is      
long: build ye houses, and dwell in them; and plant gardens, and eat the fruit  
of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of Jeremiah the prophet.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the   
word of YHVH unto Jeremiah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31>
<H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Send to all them of the captivity, saying, Thus saith    
YHVH concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite; Because that Shemaiah hath prophesied  
unto you, and I sent him not, and he caused you to trust in a lie:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith      
YHVH; Behold, I will punish Shemaiah the Nehelamite, and his seed: he shall not 
have a man to dwell among this people; neither shall he behold the good that I  
will do for my people, saith YHVH; because he hath taught rebellion against     
YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C030.htm'>Jeremiah 30</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
