<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B38C008.htm'>Zechariah 8</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The burden of the word of YHVH in   
the land of Hadrach, and Damascus shall be the rest thereof: when the eyes of   
man, as of all the tribes of Israel, shall be toward YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hamath also shall border        
thereby; Tyrus, and Zidon, though it be very wise.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Tyrus did build herself a       
strong hold, and heaped up silver as the dust, and fine gold as the mire of the 
streets.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Behold, the ADONAY will cast her out, and he will smite her power in the sea;   
and she shall be devoured with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Ashkelon shall see it, and fear; Gaza also shall see it,  
and be very sorrowful, and Ekron; for her expectation shall be ashamed; and the 
king shall perish from Gaza, and Ashkelon shall not be inhabited.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And a bastard shall dwell   
in Ashdod, and I will cut off the pride of the Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will take away his blood  
out of his mouth, and his abominations from between his teeth: but he that      
remaineth, even he, shall be for our ELOHIYM, and he shall be as a governor in  
Judah, and Ekron as a Jebusite.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4> 
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will encamp about mine house because of the army,       
because of him that passeth by, and because of him that returneth: and no       
oppressor shall pass through them any more: for now have I seen with mine       
eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Rejoice  
greatly, O daughter of Zion; shout, O daughter of Jerusalem: behold, thy King   
cometh unto thee: he is just, and having salvation; lowly, and riding upon an   
ass, and upon a colt the foal of an ass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will cut off the chariot from Ephraim,    
and the horse from Jerusalem, and the battle bow shall be cut off: and he shall 
speak peace unto the heathen: and his dominion shall be from sea even to sea,   
and from the river even to the ends of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>As for thee also, by the blood of 
thy covenant I have sent forth thy prisoners out of the pit wherein is no       
water.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Turn  
you to the strong hold, ye prisoners of hope: even to day do I declare that I   
will render double unto thee;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>  
13</H4></TD><TD><P>When I have bent Judah for me, filled the bow with Ephraim,  
and raised up thy sons, O Zion, against thy sons, O Greece, and made thee as    
the sword of a mighty man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>     
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall be seen over them, and his arrow shall go     
forth as the lightning: and the ADONAY YHVH shall blow the trumpet, and shall   
go with whirlwinds of the south.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>   
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH of hosts shall defend them; and they shall devour,  
and subdue with sling stones; and they shall drink, and make a noise as through 
wine; and they shall be filled like bowls, and as the corners of the altar.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH their  
ELOHIYM shall save them in that day as the flock of his people: for they shall  
be as the stones of a crown, lifted up as an ensign upon his land.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For how great is his      
goodness, and how great is his beauty! corn shall make the young men cheerful,  
and new wine the maids.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright     
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B38C010.htm'>Zechariah 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
