<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 20 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C019.htm'>2nd Chronicles 19</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 20</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>It came to pass after this      
also, that the children of Moab, and the children of Ammon, and with them other 
beside the Ammonites, came against Jehoshaphat to battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then there came some that told      
Jehoshaphat, saying, There cometh a great multitude against thee from beyond    
the sea on this side Syria; and, behold, they be in Hazazontamar, which is      
Engedi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Jehoshaphat feared, and set himself to seek YHVH, and proclaimed a fast         
throughout all Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of YHVH: even out of 
all the cities of Judah they came to seek YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat stood in the congregation of   
Judah and Jerusalem, in the house of YHVH, before the new court,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And said, O YHVH ELOHIYM of 
our fathers, art not thou ELOHIYM in heaven? and rulest not thou over all the   
kingdoms of the heathen? and in thine hand is there not power and might, so     
that none is able to withstand thee?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Art not thou our ELOHIYM, who didst drive out the         
inhabitants of this land before thy people Israel, and gavest it to the seed of 
Abraham thy friend for ever?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>    
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And they dwelt therein, and have built thee a sanctuary       
therein for thy name, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>   
9</H4></TD><TD><P>If, when evil cometh upon us, as the sword, judgment, or      
pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for    
thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt 
hear and help.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And now, behold, the children of Ammon and Moab and mount Seir, whom thou    
wouldest not let Israel invade, when they came out of the land of Egypt, but    
they turned from them, and destroyed them not;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I say, how they reward us, to come   
to cast us out of thy possession, which thou hast given us to inherit.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>O our ELOHIYM, wilt  
thou not judge them? for we have no might against this great company that       
cometh against us; neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And all Judah   
stood before YHVH, with their little ones, their wives, and their children.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Then upon       
Jahaziel the son of Zechariah, the son of Benaiah, the son of Jeiel, the son of 
Mattaniah, a Levite of the sons of Asaph, came the Spirit of YHVH in the midst  
of the congregation;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And he said, Hearken ye, all Judah, and ye inhabitants of           
Jerusalem, and thou king Jehoshaphat, Thus saith YHVH unto you, Be not afraid   
nor dismayed by reason of this great multitude; for the battle is not yours,    
but ELOHIYM's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>To morrow go ye down against them: behold, they come up by the cliff of Ziz; 
and ye shall find them at the end of the brook, before the wilderness of        
Jeruel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye   
shall not need to fight in this battle: set yourselves, stand ye still, and see 
the salvation of YHVH with you, O Judah and Jerusalem: fear not, nor be         
dismayed; to morrow go out against them: for YHVH will be with you.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat      
bowed his head with his face to the ground: and all Judah and the inhabitants   
of Jerusalem fell before YHVH, worshipping YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites, of the children  
of the Kohathites, and of the children of the Korhites, stood up to praise YHVH 
ELOHIYM of Israel with a loud voice on high.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rose early in the morning, and went    
forth into the wilderness of Tekoa: and as they went forth, Jehoshaphat stood   
and said, Hear me, O Judah, and ye inhabitants of Jerusalem; Believe in YHVH    
your ELOHIYM, so shall ye be established; believe his prophets, so shall ye     
prosper.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
when he had consulted with the people, he appointed singers unto YHVH, and that 
should praise the beauty of holiness, as they went out before the army, and to  
say, Praise YHVH; for his mercy endureth for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they began to sing and   
to praise, YHVH set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount  
Seir, which were come against Judah; and they were smitten.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>For the children of Ammon and 
Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and        
destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every   
one helped to destroy another.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4> 
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Judah came toward the watch tower in the            
wilderness, they looked unto the multitude, and, behold, they were dead bodies  
fallen to the earth, and none escaped.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And when Jehoshaphat and his people came to     
take away the spoil of them, they found among them in abundance both riches     
with the dead bodies, and precious jewels, which they stripped off for          
themselves, more than they could carry away: and they were three days in        
gathering of the spoil, it was so much.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And on the fourth day they assembled themselves 
in the valley of Berachah; for there they blessed YHVH: therefore the name of   
the same place was called, The valley of Berachah, unto this day.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they returned, every 
man of Judah and Jerusalem, and Jehoshaphat in the forefront of them, to go     
again to Jerusalem with joy; for YHVH had made them to rejoice over their       
enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
they came to Jerusalem with psalteries and harps and trumpets unto the house of 
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the fear of ELOHIYM was on all the kingdoms of those countries, when they had   
heard that YHVH fought against the enemies of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>So the realm of Jehoshaphat was   
quiet: for his ELOHIYM gave him rest round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jehoshaphat reigned over      
Judah: he was thirty and five years old when he began to reign, and he reigned  
twenty and five years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Azubah the        
daughter of Shilhi.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And he walked in the way of Asa his father, and departed not from it,    
doing that which was right in the sight of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit the high places were not  
taken away: for as yet the people had not prepared their hearts unto the        
ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>      
34</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Jehoshaphat, first and last,     
behold, they are written in the book of Jehu the son of Hanani, who is          
mentioned in the book of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And after this did Jehoshaphat king of Judah 
join himself with Ahaziah king of Israel, who did very wickedly:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And he joined himself     
with him to make ships to go to Tarshish: and they made the ships in            
Eziongaber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Then Eliezer the son of Dodavah of Mareshah prophesied against Jehoshaphat,     
saying, Because thou hast joined thyself with Ahaziah, YHVH hath broken thy     
works. And the ships were broken, that they were not able to go to Tarshish.</P>
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C021.htm'>2nd Chronicles 21</A>     
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
