<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 16 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C015.htm'>Deuteronomy 15</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Observe the month of Abib, and  
keep the passover unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM: for in the month of Abib YHVH thy      
ELOHIYM brought thee forth out of Egypt by night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the  
passover unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM, of the flock and the herd, in the place which   
YHVH shall choose to place his name there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt eat no leavened bread with it; seven   
days shalt thou eat unleavened bread therewith, even the bread of affliction;   
for thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt in haste: that thou mayest       
remember the day when thou camest forth out of the land of Egypt all the days   
of thy life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And there shall be no leavened bread seen with thee in all thy coast seven      
days; neither shall there any thing of the flesh, which thou sacrificedst the   
first day at even, remain all night until the morning.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou mayest not sacrifice the       
passover within any of thy gates, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee:</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But at the place which 
YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall choose to place his name in, there thou shalt sacrifice  
the passover at even, at the going down of the sun, at the season that thou     
camest forth out of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt roast and eat it in the place which YHVH thy ELOHIYM 
shall choose: and thou shalt turn in the morning, and go unto thy tents.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Six days thou     
shalt eat unleavened bread: and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly   
to YHVH thy ELOHIYM: thou shalt do no work therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Seven weeks shalt thou number unto  
thee: begin to number the seven weeks from such time as thou beginnest to put   
the sickle to the corn.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt keep the feast of weeks unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM with a 
tribute of a freewill offering of thine hand, which thou shalt give unto thy    
ELOHIYM, according as YHVH hath blessed thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt rejoice before YHVH thy       
ELOHIYM, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and thy manservant, and thy       
maidservant, and the Levite that is within thy gates, and the stranger, and the 
fatherless, and the widow, that are among you, in the place which YHVH thy      
ELOHIYM hath chosen to place his name there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt remember that thou wast a        
bondman in Egypt: and thou shalt observe and do these statutes.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt observe the    
feast of tabernacles seven days, after that thou hast gathered in thy corn and  
thy wine:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And thou shalt rejoice in thy feast, thou, and thy son, and thy daughter, and   
thy manservant, and thy maidservant, and the Levite, the stranger, and the      
fatherless, and the widow, that are within thy gates.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Seven days shalt thou keep a      
solemn feast unto YHVH thy ELOHIYM in the place which YHVH shall choose:        
because YHVH thy ELOHIYM shall bless thee in all thine increase, and in all the 
works of thine hands, therefore thou shalt surely rejoice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Three times in a year shall all   
thy males appear before YHVH thy ELOHIYM in the place which he shall choose; in 
the feast of unleavened bread, and in the feast of weeks, and in the feast of   
tabernacles: and they shall not appear before YHVH empty:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Every man shall give as he is     
able, according to the blessing of YHVH thy ELOHIYM which he hath given         
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Judges 
and officers shalt thou make thee in all thy gates, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM      
giveth thee, throughout thy tribes: and they shall judge the people with just   
judgment.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Thou shalt not wrest judgment; thou shalt not respect persons, neither take a   
gift: for a gift doth blind the eyes of the wise, and pervert the words of the  
righteous.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>  
That which is altogether just shalt thou follow, that thou mayest live, and     
inherit the land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM giveth thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt not plant thee a grove 
of any trees near unto the altar of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, which thou shalt make     
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Neither shalt thou set thee up any image; which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hateth.</P>    
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B05C017.htm'>Deuteronomy 17</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
