<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 5 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C004.htm'>2nd Chronicles 4</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 5</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus all the work that Solomon made 
for the house of YHVH was finished: and Solomon brought in all the things that  
David his father had dedicated; and the silver, and the gold, and all the       
instruments, put he among the treasures of the house of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Solomon assembled the  
elders of Israel, and all the heads of the tribes, the chief of the fathers of  
the children of Israel, unto Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of  
YHVH out of the city of David, which is Zion.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore all the men of Israel assembled      
themselves unto the king in the feast which was in the seventh month.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the elders of  
Israel came; and the Levites took up the ark.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they brought up the ark, and the           
tabernacle of the congregation, and all the holy vessels that were in the       
tabernacle, these did the priests and the Levites bring up.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Also king Solomon, and all the  
congregation of Israel that were assembled unto him before the ark, sacrificed  
sheep and oxen, which could not be told nor numbered for multitude.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priests        
brought in the ark of the covenant of YHVH unto his place, to the oracle of the 
house, into the most holy place, even under the wings of the cherubim:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For the cherubim       
spread forth their wings over the place of the ark, and the cherubim covered    
the ark and the staves thereof above.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And they drew out the staves of the ark, that the 
ends of the staves were seen from the ark before the oracle; but they were not  
seen without. And there it is unto this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>There was nothing in the ark save the two       
tables which Moses put therein at Horeb, when YHVH made a covenant with the     
children of Israel, when they came out of Egypt.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when the     
priests were come out of the holy place: (for all the priests that were present 
were sanctified, and did not then wait by course:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Also the Levites which were the   
singers, all of them of Asaph, of Heman, of Jeduthun, with their sons and their 
brethren, being arrayed in white linen, having cymbals and psalteries and       
harps, stood at the east end of the altar, and with them an hundred and twenty  
priests sounding with trumpets:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>   
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>It came even to pass, as the trumpeters and singers were 
as one, to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking YHVH; and when   
they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and cymbals and instruments of     
music, and praised YHVH, saying, For he is good; for his mercy endureth for     
ever: that then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of YHVH;</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So that the     
priests could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud: for the glory of    
YHVH had filled the house of ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is 
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B14C006.htm'>2nd Chronicles 6</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
