<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B02C040.htm'>Exodus 40</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Third Book of Moses, called Leviticus</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>  
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH called unto Moses, and spake unto him    
out of the tabernacle of the congregation, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto the children of Israel,  
and say unto them, If any man of you bring an offering unto YHVH, ye shall      
bring your offering of the cattle, even of the herd, and of the flock.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>If his offering be a   
burnt sacrifice of the herd, let him offer a male without blemish: he shall     
offer it of his own voluntary will at the door of the tabernacle of the         
congregation before YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And he shall put his hand upon the head of the burnt offering; and  
it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall kill the bullock       
before YHVH: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall bring the blood, and sprinkle 
the blood round about upon the altar that is by the door of the tabernacle of   
the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And he shall flay the burnt offering, and cut it into his pieces.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the sons of Aaron  
the priest shall put fire upon the altar, and lay the wood in order upon the    
fire:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
priests, Aaron's sons, shall lay the parts, the head, and the fat, in order     
upon the wood that is on the fire which is upon the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But his inwards and his legs shall  
he wash in water: and the priest shall burn all on the altar, to be a burnt     
sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And if his offering be of 
the flocks, namely, of the sheep, or of the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he    
shall bring it a male without blemish.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall kill it on the side of the altar   
northward before YHVH: and the priests, Aaron's sons, shall sprinkle his blood  
round about upon the altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>    
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall cut it into his pieces, with his head and his   
fat: and the priest shall lay them in order on the wood that is on the fire     
which is upon the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4>
</TD><TD><P>But he shall wash the inwards and the legs with water: and the      
priest shall bring it all, and burn it upon the altar: it is a burnt sacrifice, 
an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And if the burnt sacrifice for    
his offering to YHVH be of fowls, then he shall bring his offering of           
turtledoves, or of young pigeons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>  
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the priest shall bring it unto the altar, and wring  
off his head, and burn it on the altar; and the blood thereof shall be wrung    
out at the side of the altar:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>  
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall pluck away his crop with his feathers, and cast 
it beside the altar on the east part, by the place of the ashes:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall cleave it    
with the wings thereof, but shall not divide it asunder: and the priest shall   
burn it upon the altar, upon the wood that is upon the fire: it is a burnt      
sacrifice, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B03C002.htm'>Leviticus 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
