<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B65C001.htm'>Jude 1</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Revelation to  
John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE 
BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 1</H1>    
</CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The      
Revelation of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, which ELOHIYM gave unto him, to shew unto his  
servants things which must shortly come to pass; and he sent and signified it   
by his angel unto his servant John:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2> 
<H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Who bare record of the word of ELOHIYM, and of the        
testimony of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, and of all things that he saw.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Blessed is he that readeth, and 
they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are      
written therein: for the time is at hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>John to the seven churches which are in Asia:     
Grace be unto you, and peace, from him which is, and which was, and which is to 
come; and from the seven Spirits which are before his throne;</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And from YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, who 
is the faithful witness, and the first begotten of the dead, and the prince of  
the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us, and washed us from our sins in  
his own blood,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>
And hath made us kings and priests unto ELOHIYM and his Father; to him be glory 
and dominion for ever and ever. Amen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, he cometh with clouds; and every eye      
shall see him, and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth   
shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the       
ending, saith the ADONAY, which is, and which was, and which is to come, the    
SHADDAY.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>I     
John, who also am your brother, and companion in tribulation, and in the        
kingdom and patience of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH, was in the isle that is called       
Patmos, for the word of ELOHIYM, and for the testimony of YAHSHUA MASHIYACH.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>I was in the    
Spirit on the ADONAY's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a          
trumpet,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest,     
write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto    
Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto        
Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I turned to see the voice     
that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the midst of  
the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment     
down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>His head and his hairs    
were white like wool, as white as snow; and his eyes were as a flame of         
fire;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace; and his voice as 
the sound of many waters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>      
16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he had in his right hand seven stars: and out of his     
mouth went a sharp twoedged sword: and his countenance was as the sun shineth   
in his strength.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right    
hand upon me, saying unto me, Fear not; I am the first and the last:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>I am he that liveth, 
and was dead; and, behold, I am alive for evermore, Amen; and have the keys of  
hell and of death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Write the things which thou hast seen, and the things which are, and the 
things which shall be hereafter;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20>   
<H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my   
right hand, and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels   
of the seven churches: and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the     
seven churches.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by     
John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved                     
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B66C002.htm'>Revelation 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
