<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Esther, Chapter 1 - Sacred Name King James             
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C013.htm'>Nehemiah 13</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of   
Esther</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
1</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now it came to pass in the days of Ahasuerus, (this is Ahasuerus which reigned, 
from India even unto Ethiopia, over an hundred and seven and twenty             
provinces:)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>   
That in those days, when the king Ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom,   
which was in Shushan the palace,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>
3</H4></TD><TD><P>In the third year of his reign, he made a feast unto all his  
princes and his servants; the power of Persia and Media, the nobles and princes 
of the provinces, being before him:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4> 
<H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>When he shewed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the 
honour of his excellent majesty many days, even an hundred and fourscore        
days.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And when 
these days were expired, the king made a feast unto all the people that were    
present in Shushan the palace, both unto great and small, seven days, in the    
court of the garden of the king's palace;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Where were white, green, and blue, hangings,      
fastened with cords of fine linen and purple to silver rings and pillars of     
marble: the beds were of gold and silver, upon a pavement of red, and blue, and 
white, and black, marble.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And they gave them drink in vessels of gold, (the vessels being     
diverse one from another,) and royal wine in abundance, according to the state  
of the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the drinking was according to the law; none did compel: for so the king had 
appointed to all the officers of his house, that they should do according to    
every man's pleasure.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Also Vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house      
which belonged to king Ahasuerus.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10>  
<H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry 
with wine, he commanded Mehuman, Biztha, Harbona, Bigtha, and Abagtha, Zethar,  
and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence of Ahasuerus the 
king,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>To     
bring Vashti the queen before the king with the crown royal, to shew the people 
and the princes her beauty: for she was fair to look on.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But the queen Vashti refused to   
come at the king's commandment by his chamberlains: therefore was the king very 
wroth, and his anger burned in him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the king said to the wise men, which knew the       
times, (for so was the king's manner toward all that knew law and judgment:</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the next    
unto him was Carshena, Shethar, Admatha, Tarshish, Meres, Marsena, and Memucan, 
the seven princes of Persia and Media, which saw the king's face, and which sat 
the first in the kingdom;)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>     
15</H4></TD><TD><P>What shall we do unto the queen Vashti according to law,     
because she hath not performed the commandment of the king Ahasuerus by the     
chamberlains?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And Memucan answered before the king and the princes, Vashti the queen hath  
not done wrong to the king only, but also to all the princes, and to all the    
people that are in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For this deed of the queen    
shall come abroad unto all women, so that they shall despise their husbands in  
their eyes, when it shall be reported, The king Ahasuerus commanded Vashti the  
queen to be brought in before him, but she came not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise shall the ladies of      
Persia and Media say this day unto all the king's princes, which have heard of  
the deed of the queen. Thus shall there arise too much contempt and wrath.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>If it please    
the king, let there go a royal commandment from him, and let it be written      
among the laws of the Persians and the Medes, that it be not altered, That      
Vashti come no more before king Ahasuerus; and let the king give her royal      
estate unto another that is better than she.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the king's decree which he shall make  
shall be published throughout all his empire, (for it is great,) all the wives  
shall give to their husbands honour, both to great and small.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the saying pleased the    
king and the princes; and the king did according to the word of Memucan:</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For he sent     
letters into all the king's provinces, into every province according to the     
writing thereof, and to every people after their language, that every man       
should bear rule in his own house, and that it should be published according to 
the language of every people.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is         
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B17C002.htm'>Esther 2</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
