<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King James        
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C015.htm'>Revelation 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The         
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And I heard a great voice out of the temple saying to the seven angels,  
Go your ways, and pour out the vials of the wrath of ELOHIYM upon the earth.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the first     
went, and poured out his vial upon the earth; and there fell a noisome and      
grievous sore upon the men which had the mark of the beast, and upon them which 
worshipped his image.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the second angel poured out his vial upon the sea; and it became as  
the blood of a dead man: and every living soul died in the sea.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the third angel poured  
out his vial upon the rivers and fountains of waters; and they became blood.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And I heard the   
angel of the waters say, Thou art righteous, O ADONAY, which art, and wast, and 
shalt be, because thou hast judged thus.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For they have shed the blood of saints and        
prophets, and thou hast given them blood to drink; for they are worthy.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And I heard another    
out of the altar say, Even so, ADONAY EL SHADDAY, true and righteous are thy    
judgments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
the fourth angel poured out his vial upon the sun; and power was given unto him 
to scorch men with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And men were scorched with great heat, and blasphemed the name of   
ELOHIYM, which hath power over these plagues: and they repented not to give him 
glory.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast; and his kingdom 
was full of darkness; and they gnawed their tongues for pain,</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And blasphemed the ELOHIYM of 
heaven because of their pains and their sores, and repented not of their        
deeds.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the sixth angel poured out his vial upon the great river Euphrates; and the     
water thereof was dried up, that the way of the kings of the east might be      
prepared.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I saw three unclean spirits like frogs come out of the mouth of the dragon, 
and out of the mouth of the beast, and out of the mouth of the false            
prophet.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
they are the spirits of devils, working miracles, which go forth unto the kings 
of the earth and of the whole world, to gather them to the battle of that great 
day of EL SHADDAY.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his  
garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he gathered them together     
into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the seventh angel poured out  
his vial into the air; and there came a great voice out of the temple of        
heaven, from the throne, saying, It is done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And there were voices, and thunders, and        
lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were    
upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the great city was divided    
into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell: and great Babylon came in 
remembrance before ELOHIYM, to give unto her the cup of the wine of the         
fierceness of his wrath.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And there fell  
upon men a great hail out of heaven, every stone about the weight of a talent:  
and men blasphemed ELOHIYM because of the plague of the hail; for the plague    
thereof was exceeding great.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is          
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B66C017.htm'>Revelation 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
