<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Revelation to John, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James         
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B66C003.htm'>Revelation 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The          
Revelation to John</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P> 
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>After this I looked, and, behold, a door was opened in heaven: and the   
first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me; which    
said, Come up hither, and I will shew thee things which must be hereafter.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And immediately I 
was in the spirit: and, behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the  
throne.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
that sat was to look upon like a jasper and a sardine stone: and there was a    
rainbow round about the throne, in sight like unto an emerald.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And round about the throne were 
four and twenty seats: and upon the seats I saw four and twenty elders sitting, 
clothed in white raiment; and they had on their heads crowns of gold.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And out of the throne  
proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices: and there were seven lamps of  
fire burning before the throne, which are the seven Spirits of ELOHIYM.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And before the throne  
there was a sea of glass like unto crystal: and in the midst of the throne, and 
round about the throne, were four beasts full of eyes before and behind.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And the first     
beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast    
had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the four beasts had     
each of them six wings about him; and they were full of eyes within: and they   
rest not day and night, saying, Holy, holy, holy, YHVH EL SHADDAY, which was,   
and is, and is to come.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And when those beasts give glory and honour and thanks to him that  
sat on the throne, who liveth for ever and ever,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>The four and twenty elders fall   
down before him that sat on the throne, and worship him that liveth for ever    
and ever, and cast their crowns before the throne, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou art worthy, O YHVH, to       
receive glory and honour and power: for thou hast created all things, and for   
thy pleasure they are and were created.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software  
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B66C005.htm'>Revelation 5</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
