<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 16 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C015.htm'>Judges 15</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
16</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Then went Samson to Gaza, and saw there an harlot, and went in unto her.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And it was told   
the Gazites, saying, Samson is come hither. And they compassed him in, and laid 
wait for him all night in the gate of the city, and were quiet all the night,   
saying, In the morning, when it is day, we shall kill him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson lay till midnight, and   
arose at midnight, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two      
posts, and went away with them, bar and all, and put them upon his shoulders,   
and carried them up to the top of an hill that is before Hebron.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass         
afterward, that he loved a woman in the valley of Sorek, whose name was         
Delilah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and said unto her, Entice him,   
and see wherein his great strength lieth, and by what means we may prevail      
against him, that we may bind him to afflict him; and we will give thee every   
one of us eleven hundred pieces of silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, I pray thee, 
wherein thy great strength lieth, and wherewith thou mightest be bound to       
afflict thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And Samson said unto her, If they bind me with seven green withes that were     
never dried, then shall I be weak, and be as another man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the lords of the Philistines   
brought up to her seven green withes which had not been dried, and she bound    
him with them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>
Now there were men lying in wait, abiding with her in the chamber. And she said 
unto him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he brake the withes, as a   
thread of tow is broken when it toucheth the fire. So his strength was not      
known.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Delilah said unto Samson, Behold, thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: now    
tell me, I pray thee, wherewith thou mightest be bound.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto her, If they     
bind me fast with new ropes that never were occupied, then shall I be weak, and 
be as another man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Delilah therefore took new ropes, and bound him therewith, and said unto 
him, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And there were liers in wait abiding 
in the chamber. And he brake them from off his arms like a thread.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And Delilah said unto     
Samson, Hitherto thou hast mocked me, and told me lies: tell me wherewith thou  
mightest be bound. And he said unto her, If thou weavest the seven locks of my  
head with the web.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And she fastened it with the pin, and said unto him, The Philistines be  
upon thee, Samson. And he awaked out of his sleep, and went away with the pin   
of the beam, and with the web.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4> 
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto him, How canst thou say, I love thee, when 
thine heart is not with me? thou hast mocked me these three times, and hast not 
told me wherein thy great strength lieth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when she pressed him daily 
with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death;</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>That he told her all 
his heart, and said unto her, There hath not come a razor upon mine head; for I 
have been a Nazarite unto ELOHIYM from my mother's womb: if I be shaven, then   
my strength will go from me, and I shall become weak, and be like any other     
man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for    
the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath showed me  
all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought  
money in their hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And she made him sleep upon her knees; and she called for a man,    
and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to   
afflict him, and his strength went from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A 
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said, The Philistines be upon thee,     
Samson. And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other      
times before, and shake myself. And he wist not that YHVH was departed from     
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>But the 
Philistines took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and   
bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit the hair of  
his head began to grow again after he was shaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the lords of the Philistines 
gathered them together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagon their god, and 
to rejoice: for they said, Our god hath delivered Samson our enemy into our     
hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
when the people saw him, they praised their god: for they said, Our god hath    
delivered into our hands our enemy, and the destroyer of our country, which     
slew many of us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And it came to pass, when their hearts were merry, that they said, Call  
for Samson, that he may make us sport. And they called for Samson out of the    
prison house; and he made them sport: and they set him between the pillars.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson said 
unto the lad that held him by the hand, Suffer me that I may feel the pillars   
whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the house was full of men and 
women; and all the lords of the Philistines were there; and there were upon the 
roof about three thousand men and women, that beheld while Samson made          
sport.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Samson called unto YHVH, and said, O ADONAY YHVH, remember me, I pray thee, and 
strengthen me, I pray thee, only this once, O ELOHIYM, that I may be at once    
avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson took hold of the two middle pillars  
upon which the house stood, and on which it was borne up, of the one with his   
right hand, and of the other with his left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Samson said, Let me die with the            
Philistines. And he bowed himself with all his might; and the house fell upon   
the lords, and upon all the people that were therein. So the dead which he slew 
at his death were more than they which he slew in his life.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Then his brethren and all the 
house of his father came down, and took him, and brought him up, and buried him 
between Zorah and Eshtaol in the buryingplace of Manoah his father. And he      
judged Israel twenty years.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B07C017.htm'>Judges 17</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>    
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
