<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C012.htm'>2nd Samuel 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second  
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it came to pass after this, that Absalom the son of David had a fair 
sister, whose name was Tamar; and Amnon the son of David loved her.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amnon was so       
vexed, that he fell sick for his sister Tamar; for she was a virgin; and Amnon  
thought it hard for him to do anything to her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But Amnon had a friend, whose name was         
Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's brother: and Jonadab was a very subtil      
man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he    
said unto him, Why art thou, being the king's son, lean from day to day? wilt   
thou not tell me? And Amnon said unto him, I love Tamar, my brother Absalom's   
sister.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
Jonadab said unto him, Lay thee down on thy bed, and make thyself sick: and     
when thy father cometh to see thee, say unto him, I pray thee, let my sister    
Tamar come, and give me meat, and dress the meat in my sight, that I may see    
it, and eat it at her hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>     
6</H4></TD><TD><P>So Amnon lay down, and made himself sick: and when the king   
was come to see him, Amnon said unto the king, I pray thee, let Tamar my sister 
come, and make me a couple of cakes in my sight, that I may eat at her hand.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then David sent   
home to Tamar, saying, Go now to thy brother Amnon's house, and dress him       
meat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>So Tamar 
went to her brother Amnon's house; and he was laid down. And she took flour,    
and kneaded it, and made cakes in his sight, and did bake the cakes.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And she took a pan,    
and poured them out before him; but he refused to eat. And Amnon said, Have out 
all men from me. And they went out every man from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Amnon said unto Tamar, Bring  
the meat into the chamber, that I may eat of thine hand. And Tamar took the     
cakes which she had made, and brought them into the chamber to Amnon her        
brother.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
when she had brought them unto him to eat, he took hold of her, and said unto   
her, Come lie with me, my sister.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>  
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And she answered him, Nay, my brother, do not force me;  
for no such thing ought to be done in Israel: do not thou this folly.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I, whither shall 
I cause my shame to go? and as for thee, thou shalt be as one of the fools in   
Israel. Now therefore, I pray thee, speak unto the king; for he will not        
withhold me from thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>Howbeit he would not hearken unto her voice: but, being stronger    
than she, forced her, and lay with her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Amnon hated her exceedingly; so that the   
hatred wherewith he hated her was greater than the love wherewith he had loved  
her. And Amnon said unto her, Arise, be gone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And she said unto him, There is no cause:    
this evil in sending me away is greater than the other that thou didst unto me. 
But he would not hearken unto her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Then he called his servant that ministered unto him, and 
said, Put now this woman out from me, and bolt the door after her.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And she had a garment of  
divers colors upon her: for with such robes were the king's daughters that were 
virgins apparelled. Then his servant brought her out, and bolted the door after 
her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And     
Tamar put ashes on her head, and rent her garment of divers colors that was on  
her, and laid her hand on her head, and went on crying.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Absalom her brother said unto 
her, Hath Amnon thy brother been with thee? but hold now thy peace, my sister:  
he is thy brother; regard not this thing. So Tamar remained desolate in her     
brother Absalom's house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4>
</TD><TD><P>But when king David heard of all these things, he was very          
wroth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Absalom spake unto his brother Amnon neither good nor bad: for Absalom hated    
Amnon, because he had forced his sister Tamar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass after two full years,    
that Absalom had sheepshearers in Baalhazor, which is beside Ephraim: and       
Absalom invited all the king's sons.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Absalom came to the king, and said, Behold  
now, thy servant hath sheepshearers; let the king, I beseech thee, and his      
servants go with thy servant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>  
25</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king said to Absalom, Nay, my son, let us not all    
now go, lest we be chargeable unto thee. And he pressed him: howbeit he would   
not go, but blessed him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Then said Absalom, If not, I pray thee, let my brother Amnon go     
with us. And the king said unto him, Why should he go with thee?</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>But Absalom pressed him,  
that he let Amnon and all the king's sons go with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Now Absalom had commanded his     
servants, saying, Mark ye now when Amnon's heart is merry with wine, and when I 
say unto you, Smite Amnon; then kill him, fear not: have not I commanded you?   
be courageous, and be valiant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4> 
29</H4></TD><TD><P>And the servants of Absalom did unto Amnon as Absalom had    
commanded. Then all the king's sons arose, and every man gat him up upon his    
mule, and fled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And it came to pass, while they were in the way, that tidings came to David, 
saying, Absalom hath slain all the king's sons, and there is not one of them    
left.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
the king arose, and tare his garments, and lay on the earth; and all his        
servants stood by with their clothes rent.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonadab, the son of Shimeah David's         
brother, answered and said, Let not my lord suppose that they have slain all    
the young men the king's sons; for Amnon only is dead: for by the appointment   
of Absalom this hath been determined from the day that he forced his sister     
Tamar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Now   
therefore let not my lord the king take the thing to his heart, to think that   
all the king's sons are dead: for Amnon only is dead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>But Absalom fled. And the young   
man that kept the watch lifted up his eyes, and looked, and, behold, there came 
much people by the way of the hill side behind him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>And Jonadab said unto the king,   
Behold, the king's sons come: as thy servant said, so it is.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, as soon  
as he had made an end of speaking, that, behold, the king's sons came, and      
lifted up their voice and wept: and the king also and all his servants wept     
very sore.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But Absalom fled, and went to Talmai, the son of Ammihud, king of Geshur. And   
David mourned for his son every day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>So Absalom fled, and went to Geshur, and was    
there three years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the soul of king David longed to go forth unto Absalom: for he was   
comforted concerning Amnon, seeing he was dead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This   
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B10C014.htm'>2nd Samuel 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
