<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Epistle to the Hebrews, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B58C007.htm'>Hebrews 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Epistle to  
the Hebrews</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now of the things which we have spoken this is the sum: We have such an high    
priest, who is set on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the        
heavens;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>A     
minister of the sanctuary, and of the true tabernacle, which YHVH pitched, and  
not man.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
every high priest is ordained to offer gifts and sacrifices: wherefore it is of 
necessity that this man have somewhat also to offer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>For if he were on earth, he should  
not be a priest, seeing that there are priests that offer gifts according to    
the law:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Who   
serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things, as Moses was admonished   
of ELOHIYM when he was about to make the tabernacle: for, See, saith he, that   
thou make all things according to the pattern shewed to thee in the mount.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But now hath he   
obtained a more excellent ministry, by how much also he is the mediator of a    
better covenant, which was established upon better promises.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For if that first covenant had  
been faultless, then should no place have been sought for the second.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>For finding fault with 
them, he saith, Behold, the days come, saith YHVH, when I will make a new       
covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Not according to the covenant   
that I made with their fathers in the day when I took them by the hand to lead  
them out of the land of Egypt; because they continued not in my covenant, and I 
regarded them not, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>For this is the covenant that I will make with the house of  
Israel after those days, saith YHVH; I will put my laws into their mind, and    
write them in their hearts: and I will be to them a ELOHIYM, and they shall be  
to me a people:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And they shall not teach every man his neighbour, and every man his brother, 
saying, Know YHVH: for all shall know me, from the least to the greatest.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>For I will be   
merciful to their unrighteousness, and their sins and their iniquities will I   
remember no more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>In that he saith, A new covenant, he hath made the first old. Now that   
which decayeth and waxeth old is ready to vanish away.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>    
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B58C009.htm'>Hebrews 9</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
