<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 30 - Sacred Name 
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C029.htm'>Numbers 29</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 30</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And Moses spake unto the heads of the tribes      
concerning the children of Israel, saying, This is the thing which YHVH hath    
commanded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>If  
a man vow a vow unto YHVH, or swear an oath to bind his soul with a bond; he    
shall not break his word, he shall do according to all that proceedeth out of   
his mouth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>If  
a woman also vow a vow unto YHVH, and bind herself by a bond, being in her      
father's house in her youth;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>    
4</H4></TD><TD><P>And her father hear her vow, and her bond wherewith she hath  
bound her soul, and her father shall hold his peace at her; then all her vows   
shall stand, and every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But if her father 
disallow her in the day that he heareth; not any of her vows, or of her bonds   
wherewith she hath bound her soul, shall stand: and YHVH shall forgive her,     
because her father disallowed her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And if she had at all an husband, when she vowed, or      
uttered ought out of her lips, wherewith she bound her soul;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And her husband heard it, and   
held his peace at her in the day that he heard it: then her vows shall stand,   
and her bonds wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But if her husband disallowed her   
on the day that he heard it; then he shall make her vow which she vowed, and    
that which she uttered with her lips, wherewith she bound her soul, of none     
effect: and YHVH shall forgive her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9> 
<H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But every vow of a widow, and of her that is divorced,    
wherewith they have bound their souls, shall stand against her.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And if she vowed in her   
husband's house, or bound her soul by a bond with an oath;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And her husband heard it, and     
held his peace at her, and disallowed her not: then all her vows shall stand,   
and every bond wherewith she bound her soul shall stand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>But if her husband hath utterly   
made them void on the day he heard them; then whatsoever proceeded out of her   
lips concerning her vows, or concerning the bond of her soul, shall not stand:  
her husband hath made them void; and YHVH shall forgive her.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Every vow, and every binding  
oath to afflict the soul, her husband may establish it, or her husband may make 
it void.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
if her husband altogether hold his peace at her from day to day; then he        
establisheth all her vows, or all her bonds, which are upon her: he confirmeth  
them, because he held his peace at her in the day that he heard them.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>But if he shall any  
ways make them void after that he hath heard them; then he shall bear her       
iniquity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>   
These are the statutes, which YHVH commanded Moses, between a man and his wife, 
between the father and his daughter, being yet in her youth in her father's     
house.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C031.htm'>Numbers 31</A>      
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
