<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Isaiah, Chapter 54 - Sacred Name King      
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B23C053.htm'>Isaiah 53</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Book of the Prophet Isaiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to    
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 54</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>Sing, O barren, thou that didst not bear; break forth into    
singing, and cry aloud, thou that didst not travail with child: for more are    
the children of the desolate than the children of the married wife, saith       
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Enlarge  
the place of thy tent, and let them stretch forth the curtains of thine         
habitations: spare not, lengthen thy cords, and strengthen thy stakes;</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For thou shalt break   
forth on the right hand and on the left; and thy seed shall inherit the         
Gentiles, and make the desolate cities to be inhabited.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Fear not; for thou shalt not be     
ashamed: neither be thou confounded; for thou shalt not be put to shame: for    
thou shalt forget the shame of thy youth, and shalt not remember the reproach   
of thy widowhood any more.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>
</TD><TD><P>For thy Maker is thine husband; YHVH of hosts is his name; and thy  
Redeemer the Holy One of Israel; The ELOHIYM of the whole earth shall he be     
called.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For    
YHVH hath called thee as a woman forsaken and grieved in spirit, and a wife of  
youth, when thou wast refused, saith thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>For a small moment have I forsaken  
thee; but with great mercies will I gather thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In a little wrath I hid my face     
from thee for a moment; but with everlasting kindness will I have mercy on      
thee, saith YHVH thy Redeemer.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>For this is as the waters of Noah unto me: for as I have      
sworn that the waters of Noah should no more go over the earth; so have I sworn 
that I would not be wroth with thee, nor rebuke thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For the mountains shall depart,   
and the hills be removed; but my kindness shall not depart from thee, neither   
shall the covenant of my peace be removed, saith YHVH that hath mercy on        
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>O thou 
afflicted, tossed with tempest, and not comforted, behold, I will lay thy       
stones with fair colours, and lay thy foundations with sapphires.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will make thy       
windows of agates, and thy gates of carbuncles, and all thy borders of pleasant 
stones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
all thy children shall be taught of YHVH; and great shall be the peace of thy   
children.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>In 
righteousness shalt thou be established: thou shalt be far from oppression; for 
thou shalt not fear: and from terror; for it shall not come near thee.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, they shall   
surely gather together, but not by me: whosoever shall gather together against  
thee shall fall for thy sake.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>  
16</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I have created the smith that bloweth the coals in   
the fire, and that bringeth forth an instrument for his work; and I have        
created the waster to destroy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4> 
17</H4></TD><TD><P>No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and     
every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This  
is the heritage of the servants of YHVH, and their righteousness is of me,      
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. 
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B23C055.htm'>Isaiah 55</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
