<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 28 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C027.htm'>Deuteronomy 27</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 28</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, if   
thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to observe    
and to do all his commandments which I command thee this day, that YHVH thy     
ELOHIYM will set thee on high above all nations of the earth:</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And all these blessings shall   
come on thee, and overtake thee, if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of YHVH   
thy ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Blessed shalt thou be in the city, and blessed shalt thou be in the field.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Blessed shall be  
the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy ground, and the fruit of thy        
cattle, the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Blessed shall be thy basket and 
thy store.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in, and blessed shalt thou be when thou  
goest out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>    
YHVH shall cause thine enemies that rise up against thee to be smitten before   
thy face: they shall come out against thee one way, and flee before thee seven  
ways.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH     
shall command the blessing upon thee in thy storehouses, and in all that thou   
settest thine hand unto; and he shall bless thee in the land which YHVH thy     
ELOHIYM giveth thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>YHVH shall establish thee an holy people unto himself, as he hath sworn  
unto thee, if thou shalt keep the commandments of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, and walk in 
his ways.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And all people of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of YHVH; 
and they shall be afraid of thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>  
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall make thee plenteous in goods, in the      
fruit of thy body, and in the fruit of thy cattle, and in the fruit of thy      
ground, in the land which YHVH sware unto thy fathers to give thee.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall open unto 
thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his        
season, and to bless all the work of thine hand: and thou shalt lend unto many  
nations, and thou shalt not borrow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall make thee the head, and not the tail; and 
thou shalt be above only, and thou shalt not be beneath; if that thou hearken   
unto the commandments of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, which I command thee this day, to    
observe and to do them:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt not go aside from any of the words which I command   
thee this day, to the right hand, or to the left, to go after other gods to     
serve them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P> 
But it shall come to pass, if thou wilt not hearken unto the voice of YHVH thy  
ELOHIYM, to observe to do all his commandments and his statutes which I command 
thee this day; that all these curses shall come upon thee, and overtake         
thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Cursed 
shalt thou be in the city, and cursed shalt thou be in the field.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Cursed shall be thy       
basket and thy store.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Cursed shall be the fruit of thy body, and the fruit of thy land,   
the increase of thy kine, and the flocks of thy sheep.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Cursed shalt thou be when thou    
comest in, and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall send upon thee         
cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in all that thou settest thine hand unto for to  
do, until thou be destroyed, and until thou perish quickly; because of the      
wickedness of thy doings, whereby thou hast forsaken me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall make the pestilence    
cleave unto thee, until he have consumed thee from off the land, whither thou   
goest to possess it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>YHVH shall smite thee with a consumption, and with a fever, and     
with an inflammation, and with an extreme burning, and with the sword, and with 
blasting, and with mildew; and they shall pursue thee until thou perish.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy heaven  
that is over thy head shall be brass, and the earth that is under thee shall be 
iron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH   
shall make the rain of thy land powder and dust: from heaven shall it come down 
upon thee, until thou be destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25>
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall cause thee to be smitten before thine         
enemies: thou shalt go out one way against them, and flee seven ways before     
them: and shalt be removed into all the kingdoms of the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy carcass shall be meat 
unto all fowls of the air, and unto the beasts of the earth, and no man shall   
fray them away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD>
<P>YHVH will smite thee with the botch of Egypt, and with the emerods, and with 
the scab, and with the itch, whereof thou canst not be healed.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall smite thee with    
madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt grope at noonday,  
as the blind gropeth in darkness, and thou shalt not prosper in thy ways: and   
thou shalt be only oppressed and spoiled evermore, and no man shall save        
thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou   
shalt betroth a wife, and another man shall lie with her: thou shalt build an   
house, and thou shalt not dwell therein: thou shalt plant a vineyard, and shalt 
not gather the grapes thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4> 
31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thine ox shall be slain before thine eyes, and thou shalt    
not eat thereof: thine ass shall be violently taken away from before thy face,  
and shall not be restored to thee: thy sheep shall be given unto thine enemies, 
and thou shalt have none to rescue them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy sons and thy daughters shall be given unto  
another people, and thine eyes shall look, and fail with longing for them all   
the day long; and there shall be no might in thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>The fruit of thy land, and all    
thy labors, shall a nation which thou knowest not eat up; and thou shalt be     
only oppressed and crushed alway:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>  
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>So that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes    
which thou shalt see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>YHVH shall smite thee in the knees, and in the legs, with a sore    
botch that cannot be healed, from the sole of thy foot unto the top of thy      
head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH   
shall bring thee, and thy king which thou shalt set over thee, unto a nation    
which neither thou nor thy fathers have known; and there shalt thou serve other 
gods, wood and stone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And thou shalt become an astonishment, a proverb, and a byword,     
among all nations whither YHVH shall lead thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt carry much seed out into the      
field, and shalt gather but little in; for the locust shall consume it.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt plant     
vineyards, and dress them, but shalt neither drink of the wine, nor gather the  
grapes; for the worms shall eat them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt have olive trees throughout all thy  
coasts, but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil; for thine olive shall   
cast his fruit.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Thou shalt beget sons and daughters, but thou shalt not enjoy them; for they 
shall go into captivity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4>
</TD><TD><P>All thy trees and fruit of thy land shall the locust consume.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>The stranger    
that is within thee shall get up above thee very high; and thou shalt come down 
very low.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD><TD><P>He 
shall lend to thee, and thou shalt not lend to him: he shall be the head, and   
thou shalt be the tail.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Moreover all these curses shall come upon thee, and shall pursue    
thee, and overtake thee, till thou be destroyed; because thou hearkenedst not   
unto the voice of YHVH thy ELOHIYM, to keep his commandments and his statutes   
which he commanded thee:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder, and upon   
thy seed for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Because thou servedst not YHVH thy ELOHIYM with joyfulness, and with     
gladness of heart, for the abundance of all things;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shalt thou serve thine  
enemies which YHVH shall send against thee, in hunger, and in thirst, and in    
nakedness, and in want of all things: and he shall put a yoke of iron upon thy  
neck, until he have destroyed thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49>
<H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH shall bring a nation against thee from far, from    
the end of the earth, as swift as the eagle flieth; a nation whose tongue thou  
shalt not understand;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V50><H4>50</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>A nation of fierce countenance, which shall not regard the person   
of the old, nor show favor to the young:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V51><H4>51</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall eat the fruit of thy cattle, and   
the fruit of thy land, until thou be destroyed: which also shall not leave thee 
either corn, wine, or oil, or the increase of thy kine, or flocks of thy sheep, 
until he have destroyed thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V52><H4>  
52</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall besiege thee in all thy gates, until thy high   
and fenced walls come down, wherein thou trustedst, throughout all thy land:    
and he shall besiege thee in all thy gates throughout all thy land, which YHVH  
thy ELOHIYM hath given thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V53><H4>   
53</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt eat the fruit of thine own body, the flesh of 
thy sons and of thy daughters, which YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath given thee, in the   
siege, and in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee:</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V54><H4>54</H4></TD><TD><P>So that the man 
that is tender among you, and very delicate, his eye shall be evil toward his   
brother, and toward the wife of his bosom, and toward the remnant of his        
children which he shall leave:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V55><H4> 
55</H4></TD><TD><P>So that he will not give to any of them of the flesh of his  
children whom he shall eat: because he hath nothing left him in the siege, and  
in the straitness, wherewith thine enemies shall distress thee in all thy       
gates.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V56><H4>56</H4></TD><TD><P>The   
tender and delicate woman among you, which would not adventure to set the sole  
of her foot upon the ground for delicateness and tenderness, her eye shall be   
evil toward the husband of her bosom, and toward her son, and toward her        
daughter,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V57><H4>57</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And toward her young one that cometh out from between her feet, and toward her  
children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all things    
secretly in the siege and straitness, wherewith thine enemy shall distress thee 
in thy gates.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V58><H4>58</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>If thou wilt not observe to do all the words of this law that are written in 
this book, that thou mayest fear this glorious and fearful name, YHVH THY       
ELOHIYM;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V59><H4>59</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Then YHVH will make thy plagues wonderful, and the plagues of thy seed, even    
great plagues, and of long continuance, and sore sicknesses, and of long        
continuance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V60><H4>60</H4></TD><TD><P>
Moreover he will bring upon thee all the diseases of Egypt, which thou wast     
afraid of; and they shall cleave unto thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V61><H4>61</H4></TD><TD><P>Also every sickness, and every plague, which is 
not written in the book of this law, them will YHVH bring upon thee, until thou 
be destroyed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V62><H4>62</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And ye shall be left few in number, whereas ye were as the stars of heaven   
for multitude; because thou wouldest not obey the voice of YHVH thy ELOHIYM.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V63><H4>63</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall    
come to pass, that as YHVH rejoiced over you to do you good, and to multiply    
you; so YHVH will rejoice over you to destroy you, and to bring you to nought;  
and ye shall be plucked from off the land whither thou goest to possess it.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V64><H4>64</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall  
scatter thee among all people, from the one end of the earth even unto the      
other; and there thou shalt serve other gods, which neither thou nor thy        
fathers have known, even wood and stone.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V65><H4>65</H4></TD><TD><P>And among these nations shalt thou find no      
ease, neither shall the sole of thy foot have rest: but YHVH shall give thee    
there a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V66><H4>66</H4></TD><TD><P>And thy life shall hang   
in doubt before thee; and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none    
assurance of thy life:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V67><H4>67</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>In the morning thou shalt say, Would it were even! and at even thou 
shalt say, Would it were morning! for the fear of thine heart wherewith thou    
shalt fear, and for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V68><H4>68</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH shall bring thee 
into Egypt again with ships, by the way whereof I spake unto thee, Thou shalt   
see it no more again: and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen  
and bondwomen, and no man shall buy you.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software 
is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights         
Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A      
HREF='B05C029.htm'>Deuteronomy 29</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
