<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 23 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C022.htm'>Ezekiel 22</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 23</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word of YHVH came again unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, there were two      
women, the daughters of one mother:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they committed whoredoms in Egypt; they committed     
whoredoms in their youth: there were their breasts pressed, and there they      
bruised the teats of their virginity.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the names of them were Aholah the elder, and  
Aholibah her sister: and they were mine, and they bare sons and daughters. Thus 
were their names; Samaria is Aholah, and Jerusalem Aholibah.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And Aholah played the harlot    
when she was mine; and she doted on her lovers, on the Assyrians her            
neighbours,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Which were clothed with blue, captains and rulers, all of them desirable young  
men, horsemen riding upon horses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>   
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus she committed her whoredoms with them, with all them 
that were the chosen men of Assyria, and with all on whom she doted: with all   
their idols she defiled herself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Neither left she her whoredoms brought from Egypt: for in her 
youth they lay with her, and they bruised the breasts of her virginity, and     
poured their whoredom upon her.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4> 
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore I have delivered her into the hand of her lovers,   
into the hand of the Assyrians, upon whom she doted.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>These discovered her nakedness:   
they took her sons and her daughters, and slew her with the sword: and she      
became famous among women; for they had executed judgment upon her.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And when her sister  
Aholibah saw this, she was more corrupt in her inordinate love than she, and in 
her whoredoms more than her sister in her whoredoms.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>She doted upon the Assyrians her  
neighbours, captains and rulers clothed most gorgeously, horsemen riding upon   
horses, all of them desirable young men.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Then I saw that she was defiled, that they took 
both one way,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And that she increased her whoredoms: for when she saw men pourtrayed upon   
the wall, the images of the Chaldeans pourtrayed with vermilion,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Girded with girdles upon  
their loins, exceeding in dyed attire upon their heads, all of them princes to  
look to, after the manner of the Babylonians of Chaldea, the land of their      
nativity:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And as soon as she saw them with her eyes, she doted upon them, and sent        
messengers unto them into Chaldea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17> 
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Babylonians came to her into the bed of love,    
and they defiled her with their whoredom, and she was polluted with them, and   
her mind was alienated from them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18>  
<H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>So she discovered her whoredoms, and discovered her      
nakedness: then my mind was alienated from her, like as my mind was alienated   
from her sister.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Yet she multiplied her whoredoms, in calling to remembrance the days of  
her youth, wherein she had played the harlot in the land of Egypt.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>For she doted upon their  
paramours, whose flesh is as the flesh of asses, and whose issue is like the    
issue of horses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth, in bruising 
thy teats by the Egyptians for the paps of thy youth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore, O Aholibah, thus saith 
the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I will raise up thy lovers against thee, from whom thy 
mind is alienated, and I will bring them against thee on every side;</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>The Babylonians, and 
all the Chaldeans, Pekod, and Shoa, and Koa, and all the Assyrians with them:   
all of them desirable young men, captains and rulers, great lords and renowned, 
all of them riding upon horses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall come against thee with chariots, wagons, and  
wheels, and with an assembly of people, which shall set against thee buckler    
and shield and helmet round about: and I will set judgment before them, and     
they shall judge thee according to their judgments.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will set my jealousy        
against thee, and they shall deal furiously with thee: they shall take away thy 
nose and thine ears; and thy remnant shall fall by the sword: they shall take   
thy sons and thy daughters; and thy residue shall be devoured by the fire.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall also 
strip thee out of thy clothes, and take away thy fair jewels.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus will I make thy lewdness 
to cease from thee, and thy whoredom brought from the land of Egypt: so that    
thou shalt not lift up thine eyes unto them, nor remember Egypt any more.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>For thus saith  
the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I will deliver thee into the hand of them whom thou    
hatest, into the hand of them from whom thy mind is alienated:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall deal with thee 
hatefully, and shall take away all thy labour, and shall leave thee naked and   
bare: and the nakedness of thy whoredoms shall be discovered, both thy lewdness 
and thy whoredoms.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>I will do these things unto thee, because thou hast gone a whoring after 
the heathen, and because thou art polluted with their idols.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou hast walked in the way   
of thy sister; therefore will I give her cup into thine hand.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH;   
Thou shalt drink of thy sister's cup deep and large: thou shalt be laughed to   
scorn and had in derision; it containeth much.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and    
sorrow, with the cup of astonishment and desolation, with the cup of thy sister 
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Thou shalt even drink it and suck it out, and thou shalt break the sherds       
thereof, and pluck off thine own breasts: for I have spoken it, saith the       
ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>
Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Because thou hast forgotten me, and cast  
me behind thy back, therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH said       
moreover unto me; Son of man, wilt thou judge Aholah and Aholibah? yea, declare 
unto them their abominations;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>  
37</H4></TD><TD><P>That they have committed adultery, and blood is in their     
hands, and with their idols have they committed adultery, and have also caused  
their sons, whom they bare unto me, to pass for them through the fire, to       
devour them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>
Moreover this they have done unto me: they have defiled my sanctuary in the     
same day, and have profaned my sabbaths.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>For when they had slain their children to their 
idols, then they came the same day into my sanctuary to profane it; and, lo,    
thus have they done in the midst of mine house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>And furthermore, that ye have sent for men   
to come from far, unto whom a messenger was sent; and, lo, they came: for whom  
thou didst wash thyself, paintedst thy eyes, and deckedst thyself with          
ornaments,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And satest upon a stately bed, and a table prepared before it, whereupon thou   
hast set mine incense and mine oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42>
<H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>And a voice of a multitude being at ease was with her:   
and with the men of the common sort were brought Sabeans from the wilderness,   
which put bracelets upon their hands, and beautiful crowns upon their heads.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V43><H4>43</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said I     
unto her that was old in adulteries, Will they now commit whoredoms with her,   
and she with them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V44><H4>44</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Yet they went in unto her, as they go in unto a woman that playeth the   
harlot: so went they in unto Aholah and unto Aholibah, the lewd women.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V45><H4>45</H4></TD><TD><P>And the righteous    
men, they shall judge them after the manner of adulteresses, and after the      
manner of women that shed blood; because they are adulteresses, and blood is in 
their hands.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V46><H4>46</H4></TD><TD><P>
For thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; I will bring up a company upon them, and will   
give them to be removed and spoiled.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V47><H4>47</H4></TD><TD><P>And the company shall stone them with stones,   
and dispatch them with their swords; they shall slay their sons and their       
daughters, and burn up their houses with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V48><H4>48</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus will I cause lewdness to cease out of   
the land, that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V49><H4>49</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall       
recompense your lewdness upon you, and ye shall bear the sins of your idols:    
and ye shall know that I am the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This      
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B26C024.htm'>Ezekiel 24</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
