<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 15 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C014.htm'>2nd Kings 14</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 15</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>In the twenty and seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah  
son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Sixteen years old was he when he began to reign,  
and he reigned two and fifty years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was      
Jecholiah of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And he did that which was right in the sight of YHVH, according to  
all that his father Amaziah had done;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Save that the high places were not removed: the   
people sacrificed and burnt incense still on the high places.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH smote the king, so     
that he was a leper unto the day of his death, and dwelt in a several house.    
And Jotham the king's son was over the house, judging the people of the         
land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
rest of the acts of Azariah, and all that he did, are they not written in the   
book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>So Azariah slept with his fathers; and they    
buried him with his fathers in the city of David: and Jotham his son reigned in 
his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In  
the thirty and eighth year of Azariah king of Judah did Zachariah the son of    
Jeroboam reign over Israel in Samaria six months.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in   
the sight of YHVH, as his fathers had done: he departed not from the sins of    
Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Shallum the son of Jabesh     
conspired against him, and smote him before the people, and slew him, and       
reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And the rest of the acts of Zachariah, behold, they are written in  
the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>This was the word of YHVH which   
he spake unto Jehu, saying, Thy sons shall sit on the throne of Israel unto the 
fourth generation. And so it came to pass.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Shallum the son of Jabesh began to reign in the 
nine and thirtieth year of Uzziah king of Judah; and he reigned a full month in 
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>For 
Menahem the son of Gadi went up from Tirzah, and came to Samaria, and smote     
Shallum the son of Jabesh in Samaria, and slew him, and reigned in his          
stead.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
the rest of the acts of Shallum, and his conspiracy which he made, behold, they 
are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Menahem smote        
Tiphsah, and all that were therein, and the coasts thereof from Tirzah: because 
they opened not to him, therefore he smote it; and all the women therein that   
were with child he ripped up.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>  
17</H4></TD><TD><P>In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah      
began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in    
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
he did that which was evil in the sight of YHVH: he departed not all his days   
from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Pul the king of  
Assyria came against the land: and Menahem gave Pul a thousand talents of       
silver, that his hand might be with him to confirm the kingdom in his hand.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Menahem     
exacted the money of Israel, even of all the mighty men of wealth, of each man  
fifty shekels of silver, to give to the king of Assyria. So the king of Assyria 
turned back, and stayed not there in the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all 
that he did, are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of 
Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his stead.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>In the fiftieth 
year of Azariah king of Judah Pekahiah the son of Menahem began to reign over   
Israel in Samaria, and reigned two years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in the sight of  
YHVH: he departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made      
Israel to sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But Pekah the son of Remaliah, a captain of his, conspired against him, and  
smote him in Samaria, in the palace of the king's house, with Argob and Arieh,  
and with him fifty men of the Gileadites: and he killed him, and reigned in his 
room.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the rest of the acts of Pekahiah, and all that he did, behold, they are written 
in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>In the two and fiftieth year of   
Azariah king of Judah Pekah the son of Remaliah began to reign over Israel in   
Samaria, and reigned twenty years.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28> 
<H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was evil in the sight of YHVH: he  
departed not from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to     
sin.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>In the  
days of Pekah king of Israel came Tiglathpileser king of Assyria, and took      
Ijon, and Abelbethmaachah, and Janoah, and Kedesh, and Hazor, and Gilead, and   
Galilee, all the land of Naphtali, and carried them captive to Assyria.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And Hoshea the son   
of Elah made a conspiracy against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and smote him, and 
slew him, and reigned in his stead, in the twentieth year of Jotham the son of  
Uzziah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold, they are written in 
the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>In the second year of Pekah the   
son of Remaliah king of Israel began Jotham the son of Uzziah king of Judah to  
reign.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Five  
and twenty years old was he when he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen      
years in Jerusalem. And his mother's name was Jerusha, the daughter of          
Zadok.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
he did that which was right in the sight of YHVH: he did according to all that  
his father Uzziah had done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>    
35</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit the high places were not removed: the people         
sacrificed and burned incense still in the high places. He built the higher     
gate of the house of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>     
36</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Jotham, and all that he did, are 
they not written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>In those days YHVH   
began to send against Judah Rezin the king of Syria, and Pekah the son of       
Remaliah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city  
of David his father: and Ahaz his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR>       
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C016.htm'>2nd Kings 16</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>     
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
