<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 7 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C006.htm'>2nd Kings 6</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 7</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Then Elisha said, Hear ye the word of YHVH; Thus saith YHVH, To morrow   
about this time shall a measure of fine flour be sold for a shekel, and two     
measures of barley for a shekel, in the gate of Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Then a lord on whose hand the king  
leaned answered the man of ELOHIYM, and said, Behold, if YHVH would make        
windows in heaven, might this thing be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it  
with thine eyes, but shalt not eat thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And there were four leprous men at the entering   
in of the gate: and they said one to another, Why sit we here until we die?</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>If we say, We     
will enter into the city, then the famine is in the city, and we shall die      
there: and if we sit still here, we die also. Now therefore come, and let us    
fall unto the host of the Syrians: if they save us alive, we shall live; and if 
they kill us, we shall but die.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4> 
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they rose up in the twilight, to go unto the camp of the  
Syrians: and when they were come to the uttermost part of the camp of Syria,    
behold, there was no man there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4> 
6</H4></TD><TD><P>For the ADONAY had made the host of the Syrians to hear a     
noise of chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and   
they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us the      
kings of the Hittites, and the kings of the Egyptians, to come upon us.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore they arose   
and fled in the twilight, and left their tents, and their horses, and their     
asses, even the camp as it was, and fled for their life.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And when these lepers came to the   
uttermost part of the camp, they went into one tent, and did eat and drink, and 
carried thence silver, and gold, and raiment, and went and hid it; and came     
again, and entered into another tent, and carried thence also, and went and hid 
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they  
said one to another, We do not well: this day is a day of good tidings, and we  
hold our peace: if we tarry till the morning light, some mischief will come     
upon us: now therefore come, that we may go and tell the king's household.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>So they came    
and called unto the porter of the city: and they told them, saying, We came to  
the camp of the Syrians, and, behold, there was no man there, neither voice of  
man, but horses tied, and asses tied, and the tents as they were.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he called the         
porters; and they told it to the king's house within.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king arose in the night,  
and said unto his servants, I will now show you what the Syrians have done to   
us. They know that we be hungry; therefore are they gone out of the camp to     
hide themselves in the field, saying, When they come out of the city, we shall  
catch them alive, and get into the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And one of his servants answered and said, Let  
some take, I pray thee, five of the horses that remain, which are left in the   
city, (behold, they are as all the multitude of Israel that are left in it:     
behold, I say, they are even as all the multitude of the Israelites that are    
consumed:) and let us send and see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14>
<H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>They took therefore two chariot horses; and the king     
sent after the host of the Syrians, saying, Go and see.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And they went after them unto     
Jordan: and, lo, all the way was full of garments and vessels, which the        
Syrians had cast away in their haste. And the messengers returned, and told the 
king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the people went out, and spoiled the tents of the Syrians. So a measure of fine 
flour was sold for a shekel, and two measures of barley for a shekel, according 
to the word of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And the king appointed the lord on whose hand he leaned to have the 
charge of the gate: and the people trode upon him in the gate, and he died, as  
the man of ELOHIYM had said, who spake when the king came down to him.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass  
as the man of ELOHIYM had spoken to the king, saying, Two measures of barley    
for a shekel, and a measure of fine flour for a shekel, shall be to morrow      
about this time in the gate of Samaria:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And that lord answered the man of ELOHIYM, and  
said, Now, behold, if YHVH should make windows in heaven, might such a thing    
be? And he said, Behold, thou shalt see it with thine eyes, but shalt not eat   
thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
so it fell out unto him: for the people trode upon him in the gate, and he      
died.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C008.htm'>2nd Kings 8</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
