<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 25 - Sacred Name King James  
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C024.htm'>2nd Kings 24</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second   
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 25</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And it came to pass in the ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month,  
in the tenth day of the month, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, he,    
and all his host, against Jerusalem, and pitched against it; and they built     
forts against it round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>   
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king      
Zedekiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
on the ninth day of the fourth month the famine prevailed in the city, and      
there was no bread for the people of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the city was broken up, and all the men of 
war fled by night by the way of the gate between two walls, which is by the     
king's garden: (now the Chaldees were against the city round about:) and the    
king went the way toward the plain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5> 
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And the army of the Chaldees pursued after the king, and  
overtook him in the plains of Jericho: and all his army were scattered from     
him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>So they   
took the king, and brought him up to the king of Babylon to Riblah; and they    
gave judgment upon him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And they slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes, and put out the 
eyes of Zedekiah, and bound him with fetters of brass, and carried him to       
Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, which is the nineteenth    
year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the   
guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, unto Jerusalem:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he burnt the house of YHVH, and 
the king's house, and all the houses of Jerusalem, and every great man's house  
burnt he with fire.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And all the army of the Chaldees, that were with the captain of the      
guard, brake down the walls of Jerusalem round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now the rest of the people that   
were left in the city, and the fugitives that fell away to the king of Babylon, 
with the remnant of the multitude, did Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard     
carry away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P> 
But the captain of the guard left of the door of the poor of the land to be     
vinedressers and husbandmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the pillars of brass that were in the house of YHVH, and 
the bases, and the brazen sea that was in the house of YHVH, did the Chaldees   
break in pieces, and carried the brass of them to Babylon.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the pots, and the shovels,    
and the snuffers, and the spoons, and all the vessels of brass wherewith they   
ministered, took they away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>    
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the firepans, and the bowls, and such things as were of  
gold, in gold, and of silver, in silver, the captain of the guard took away.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>The two         
pillars, one sea, and the bases which Solomon had made for the house of YHVH;   
the brass of all these vessels was without weight.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>The height of the one pillar was  
eighteen cubits, and the chapiter upon it was brass: and the height of the      
chapiter three cubits; and the wreathed work, and pomegranates upon the         
chapiter round about, all of brass: and like unto these had the second pillar   
with wreathed work.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and          
Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the door:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And out of the city he    
took an officer that was set over the men of war, and five men of them that     
were in the king's presence, which were found in the city, and the principal    
scribe of the host, which mustered the people of the land, and threescore men   
of the people of the land that were found in the city:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Nebuzaradan captain of the    
guard took these, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah:</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of      
Babylon smote them, and slew them at Riblah in the land of Hamath. So Judah was 
carried away out of their land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>
22</H4></TD><TD><P>And as for the people that remained in the land of Judah,    
whom Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made Gedaliah   
the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, ruler.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And when all the captains of the armies,     
they and their men, heard that the king of Babylon had made Gedaliah governor,  
there came to Gedaliah to Mizpah, even Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and        
Johanan the son of Careah, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth the Netophathite,   
and Jaazaniah the son of a Maachathite, they and their men.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Gedaliah sware to them,   
and to their men, and said unto them, Fear not to be the servants of the        
Chaldees: dwell in the land, and serve the king of Babylon; and it shall be     
well with you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>But it came to pass in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, 
the son of Elishama, of the seed royal, came, and ten men with him, and smote   
Gedaliah, that he died, and the Jews and the Chaldees that were with him at     
Mizpah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
all the people, both small and great, and the captains of the armies, arose,    
and came to Egypt: for they were afraid of the Chaldees.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the seven  
and thirtieth year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth 
month, on the seven and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of   
Babylon in the year that he began to reign did lift up the head of Jehoiachin   
king of Judah out of prison;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>   
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And he spake kindly to him, and set his throne above the     
throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And changed his prison garments:  
and he did eat bread continually before him all the days of his life.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And his allowance    
was a continual allowance given him of the king, a daily rate for every day,    
all the days of his life.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright   
2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved             
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B13C001.htm'>1st Chronicles 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
