<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers, Chapter 8 - Sacred Name  
King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css>   
</HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James    
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B04C007.htm'>Numbers 7</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER> 
The Fourth Book of Moses, called Numbers</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>   
Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD>
</TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 8</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Speak unto Aaron and say    
unto him, When thou lightest the lamps, the seven lamps shall give light over   
against the candlestick.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And Aaron did so; he lighted the lamps thereof over against the     
candlestick, as YHVH commanded Moses.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And this work of the candlestick was of beaten    
gold, unto the shaft thereof, unto the flowers thereof, was beaten work:        
according unto the pattern which YHVH had showed Moses, so he made the          
candlestick.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6>  
<H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Take the Levites from among the children of Israel, and   
cleanse them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And thus shalt thou do unto them, to cleanse them: Sprinkle water of purifying  
upon them, and let them shave all their flesh, and let them wash their clothes, 
and so make themselves clean.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>   
8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then let them take a young bullock with his meat offering,    
even fine flour mingled with oil, and another young bullock shalt thou take for 
a sin offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And thou shalt bring the Levites before the tabernacle of the congregation:  
and thou shalt gather the whole assembly of the children of Israel together:</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt  
bring the Levites before YHVH: and the children of Israel shall put their hands 
upon the Levites:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And Aaron shall offer the Levites before YHVH for an offering of the     
children of Israel, that they may execute the service of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites shall lay     
their hands upon the heads of the bullocks: and thou shalt offer the one for a  
sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering, unto YHVH, to make an         
atonement for the Levites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>     
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt set the Levites before Aaron, and before his  
sons, and offer them for an offering unto YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus shalt thou separate the Levites from    
among the children of Israel: and the Levites shall be mine.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And after that shall the      
Levites go in to do the service of the tabernacle of the congregation: and thou 
shalt cleanse them, and offer them for an offering.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>For they are wholly given unto me 
from among the children of Israel; instead of such as open every womb, even     
instead of the firstborn of all the children of Israel, have I taken them unto  
me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For all  
the firstborn of the children of Israel are mine, both man and beast: on the    
day that I smote every firstborn in the land of Egypt I sanctified them for     
myself.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
I have taken the Levites for all the firstborn of the children of Israel.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And I have      
given the Levites as a gift to Aaron and to his sons from among the children of 
Israel, to do the service of the children of Israel in the tabernacle of the    
congregation, and to make an atonement for the children of Israel: that there   
be no plague among the children of Israel, when the children of Israel come     
nigh unto the sanctuary.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And Moses, and Aaron, and all the congregation of the children of   
Israel, did to the Levites according unto all that YHVH commanded Moses         
concerning the Levites, so did the children of Israel unto them.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Levites were      
purified, and they washed their clothes; and Aaron offered them as an offering  
before YHVH; and Aaron made an atonement for them to cleanse them.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And after that went the   
Levites in to do their service in the tabernacle of the congregation before     
Aaron, and before his sons: as YHVH had commanded Moses concerning the Levites, 
so did they unto them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And YHVH spake unto Moses, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>This is it that belongeth unto the Levites:  
from twenty and five years old and upward they shall go in to wait upon the     
service of the tabernacle of the congregation:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And from the age of fifty years they shall   
cease waiting upon the service thereof, and shall serve no more:</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>But shall minister with   
their brethren in the tabernacle of the congregation, to keep the charge, and   
shall do no service. Thus shalt thou do unto the Levites touching their         
charge.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.     
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B04C009.htm'>Numbers 9</A>       
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
