<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 18 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C017.htm'>Joshua 17</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
18</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the whole congregation of the children of Israel assembled together at      
Shiloh, and set up the tabernacle of the congregation there. And the land was   
subdued before them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And there remained among the children of Israel seven tribes, which had  
not yet received their inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said unto the children of Israel, How long are 
ye slack to go to possess the land, which YHVH ELOHIYM of your fathers hath     
given you?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>    
Give out from among you three men for each tribe: and I will send them, and     
they shall rise, and go through the land, and describe it according to the      
inheritance of them; and they shall come again to me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall divide it into seven 
parts: Judah shall abide in their coast on the south, and the house of Joseph   
shall abide in their coasts on the north.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye shall therefore describe the land into seven   
parts, and bring the description hither to me, that I may cast lots for you     
here before YHVH our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>   
7</H4></TD><TD><P>But the Levites have no part among you; for the priesthood of 
YHVH is their inheritance: and Gad, and Reuben, and half the tribe of Manasseh, 
have received their inheritance beyond Jordan on the east, which Moses the      
servant of YHVH gave them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4>
</TD><TD><P>And the men arose, and went away: and Joshua charged them that went 
to describe the land, saying, Go and walk through the land, and describe it,    
and come again to me, that I may here cast lots for you before YHVH in          
Shiloh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the men went and passed through the land, and described it by cities into seven 
parts in a book, and came again to Joshua to the host at Shiloh.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua cast lots for  
them in Shiloh before YHVH: and there Joshua divided the land unto the children 
of Israel according to their divisions.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And the lot of the tribe of the children of     
Benjamin came up according to their families: and the coast of their lot came   
forth between the children of Judah and the children of Joseph.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And their border on the   
north side was from Jordan; and the border went up to the side of Jericho on    
the north side, and went up through the mountains westward; and the goings out  
thereof were at the wilderness of Bethaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And the border went over from thence toward     
Luz, to the side of Luz, which is Bethel, southward; and the border descended   
to Atarothadar, near the hill that lieth on the south side of the nether        
Bethhoron.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And the border was drawn thence, and compassed the corner of the sea southward, 
from the hill that lieth before Bethhoron southward; and the goings out thereof 
were at Kirjathbaal, which is Kirjathjearim, a city of the children of Judah:   
this was the west quarter.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>     
15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the south quarter was from the end of Kirjathjearim, and 
the border went out on the west, and went out to the well of waters of          
Nephtoah:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And the border came down to the end of the mountain that lieth before the       
valley of the son of Hinnom, and which is in the valley of the giants on the    
north, and descended to the valley of Hinnom, to the side of Jebusi on the      
south, and descended to Enrogel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17>   
<H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And was drawn from the north, and went forth to          
Enshemesh, and went forth toward Geliloth, which is over against the going up   
of Adummim, and descended to the stone of Bohan the son of Reuben,</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And passed along toward   
the side over against Arabah northward, and went down unto Arabah:</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the border passed     
along to the side of Bethhoglah northward: and the outgoings of the border were 
at the north bay of the salt sea at the south end of Jordan: this was the south 
coast.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Jordan was the border of it on the east side. This was the inheritance of the   
children of Benjamin, by the coasts thereof round about, according to their     
families.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now the cities of the tribe of the children of Benjamin according to their      
families were Jericho, and Bethhoglah, and the valley of Keziz,</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And Betharabah, and       
Zemaraim, and Bethel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And Avim, and Pharah, and Ophrah,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Chepharhaammonai, and Ophni, and Gaba;   
twelve cities with their villages:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25> 
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Gibeon, and Ramah, and Beeroth,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Mizpeh, and Chephirah, and    
Mozah,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Rekem, and Irpeel, and Taralah,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>
28</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zelah, Eleph, and Jebusi, which is Jerusalem, Gibeath,   
and Kirjath; fourteen cities with their villages. This is the inheritance of    
the children of Benjamin according to their families.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>     
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B06C019.htm'>Joshua 19</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>  
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
