<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Amos, Chapter 4 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B30C003.htm'>Amos 3</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the    
Prophet Amos</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>       
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 4</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Hear this word, ye kine of Bashan, that are in the mountain of Samaria,  
which oppress the poor, which crush the needy, which say to their masters,      
Bring, and let us drink.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>The ADONAY YHVH hath sworn by his holiness, that, lo, the days      
shall come upon you, that he will take you away with hooks, and your posterity  
with fishhooks.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And ye shall go out at the breaches, every cow at that which is before her;  
and ye shall cast them into the palace, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Come to Bethel, and transgress; at  
Gilgal multiply transgression; and bring your sacrifices every morning, and     
your tithes after three years:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>  
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving with leaven, and        
proclaim and publish the free offerings: for this liketh you, O ye children of  
Israel, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>  
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I also have given you cleanness of teeth in all your      
cities, and want of bread in all your places: yet have ye not returned unto me, 
saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And also I have withholden the rain from you, when there were yet three months  
to the harvest: and I caused it to rain upon one city, and caused it not to     
rain upon another city: one piece was rained upon, and the piece whereupon it   
rained not withered.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So two or three cities wandered unto one city, to drink water; but they  
were not satisfied: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>I have smitten you with     
blasting and mildew: when your gardens and your vineyards and your fig trees    
and your olive trees increased, the palmerworm devoured them: yet have ye not   
returned unto me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>  
10</H4></TD><TD><P>I have sent among you the pestilence after the manner of     
Egypt: your young men have I slain with the sword, and have taken away your     
horses; and I have made the stink of your camps to come up unto your nostrils:  
yet have ye not returned unto me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>I have overthrown some of you, as ELOHIYM    
overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah, and ye were as a firebrand plucked out of the     
burning: yet have ye not returned unto me, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus will I do unto     
thee, O Israel: and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy       
ELOHIYM, O Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>For, lo, he that formeth the mountains, and createth the wind, and       
declareth unto man what is his thought, that maketh the morning darkness, and   
treadeth upon the high places of the earth, YHVH, The ELOHIYM of hosts, is his  
name.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, 
PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email    
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B30C005.htm'>Amos 5</A></CENTER></P>   
<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                      
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
