<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Kings, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King James   
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B12C005.htm'>2nd Kings 5</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second    
Book of the Kings</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>  
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the sons of the prophets said unto Elisha, Behold now, the place     
where we dwell with thee is too strait for us.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Let us go, we pray thee, unto Jordan, and take 
thence every man a beam, and let us make us a place there, where we may dwell.  
And he answered, Go ye.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And one said, Be content, I pray thee, and go with thy servants.    
And he answered, I will go.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>     
4</H4></TD><TD><P>So he went with them. And when they came to Jordan, they cut  
down wood.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
as one was felling a beam, the axe head fell into the water: and he cried, and  
said, Alas, master! for it was borrowed.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man of ELOHIYM said, Where fell it? And   
he showed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and   
the iron did swim.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took 
it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the   
king of Syria warred against Israel, and took counsel with his servants,        
saying, In such and such a place shall be my camp.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man of ELOHIYM sent unto    
the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither 
the Syrians are come down.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>     
10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of    
ELOHIYM told him and warned him of, and saved himself there, not once nor       
twice.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Therefore the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing; and  
he called his servants, and said unto them, Will ye not show me which of us is  
for the king of Israel?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>And one of his servants said, None, my lord, O king: but Elisha,    
the prophet that is in Israel, telleth the king of Israel the words that thou   
speakest in thy bedchamber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>    
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Go and spy where he is, that I may send and     
fetch him. And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore sent he thither 
horses, and chariots, and a great host: and they came by night, and compassed   
the city about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And when the servant of the man of ELOHIYM was risen early, and gone forth,  
behold, an host compassed the city both with horses and chariots. And his       
servant said unto him, Alas, my master! how shall we do?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And he answered, Fear not: for    
they that be with us are more than they that be with them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha prayed, and said,      
YHVH, I pray thee, open his eyes, that he may see. And YHVH opened the eyes of  
the young man; and he saw: and, behold, the mountain was full of horses and     
chariots of fire round about Elisha.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they came down to him, Elisha prayed   
unto YHVH, and said, Smite this people, I pray thee, with blindness. And he     
smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And Elisha said unto them, This   
is not the way, neither is this the city: follow me, and I will bring you to    
the man whom ye seek. But he led them to Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when they    
were come into Samaria, that Elisha said, YHVH, open the eyes of these men,     
that they may see. And YHVH opened their eyes, and they saw; and, behold, they  
were in the midst of Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>  
21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Israel said unto Elisha, when he saw them,   
My father, shall I smite them? shall I smite them?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And he answered, Thou shalt not   
smite them: wouldest thou smite those whom thou hast taken captive with thy     
sword and with thy bow? set bread and water before them, that they may eat and  
drink, and go to their master.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4> 
23</H4></TD><TD><P>And he prepared great provision for them: and when they had  
eaten and drunk, he sent them away, and they went to their master. So the bands 
of Syria came no more into the land of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass after this, that         
Benhadad king of Syria gathered all his host, and went up, and besieged         
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
there was a great famine in Samaria: and, behold, they besieged it, until an    
ass's head was sold for fourscore pieces of silver, and the fourth part of a    
cab of dove's dung for five pieces of silver.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And as the king of Israel was passing by     
upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O king.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, If 
YHVH do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out   
of the winepress?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This     
woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat   
my son to morrow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>So we boiled my son, and did eat him: and I said unto her on the next    
day, Give thy son, that we may eat him: and she hath hid her son.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass, when 
the king heard the words of the woman, that he rent his clothes; and he passed  
by upon the wall, and the people looked, and, behold, he had sackcloth within   
upon his flesh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD>
<P>Then he said, ELOHIYM do so and more also to me, if the head of Elisha the   
son of Shaphat shall stand on him this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>But Elisha sat in his house, and the elders sat 
with him; and the king sent a man from before him: but ere the messenger came   
to him, he said to the elders, See ye how this son of a murderer hath sent to   
take away mine head? look, when the messenger cometh, shut the door, and hold   
him fast at the door: is not the sound of his master's feet behind him?</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And while he yet     
talked with them, behold, the messenger came down unto him: and he said,        
Behold, this evil is of YHVH; what should I wait for YHVH any longer?</P></TD>  
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B12C007.htm'>2nd Kings 7</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
