<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Judges, Chapter 19 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B07C018.htm'>Judges 18</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Judges</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
19</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And it came to pass in those days, when there was no king in Israel, that there 
was a certain Levite sojourning on the side of mount Ephraim, who took to him a 
concubine out of Bethlehemjudah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>
2</H4></TD><TD><P>And his concubine played the whore against him, and went away 
from him unto her father's house to Bethlehemjudah, and was there four whole    
months.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
her husband arose, and went after her, to speak friendly unto her, and to bring 
her again, having his servant with him, and a couple of asses: and she brought  
him into her father's house: and when the father of the damsel saw him, he      
rejoiced to meet him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>
<TD><P>And his father in law, the damsel's father, retained him; and he abode   
with him three days: so they did eat and drink, and lodged there.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass on the  
fourth day, when they arose early in the morning, that he rose up to depart:    
and the damsel's father said unto his son in law, Comfort thine heart with a    
morsel of bread, and afterward go your way.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of  
them together: for the damsel's father had said unto the man, Be content, I     
pray thee, and tarry all night, and let thine heart be merry.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And when the man rose up to     
depart, his father in law urged him: therefore he lodged there again.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And he arose early in  
the morning on the fifth day to depart; and the damsel's father said, Comfort   
thine heart, I pray thee. And they tarried until afternoon, and they did eat    
both of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And when the man rose up to depart, he, and his concubine, and his servant, his 
father in law, the damsel's father, said unto him, Behold, now the day draweth  
toward evening, I pray you tarry all night: behold, the day groweth to an end,  
lodge here, that thine heart may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your  
way, that thou mayest go home.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4> 
10</H4></TD><TD><P>But the man would not tarry that night, but he rose up and   
departed, and came over against Jebus, which is Jerusalem; and there were with  
him two asses saddled, his concubine also was with him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And when they were by Jebus, the  
day was far spent; and the servant said unto his master, Come, I pray thee, and 
let us turn in into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge in it.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And his master said unto  
him, We will not turn aside hither into the city of a stranger, that is not of  
the children of Israel; we will pass over to Gibeah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said unto his servant,     
Come, and let us draw near to one of these places to lodge all night, in        
Gibeah, or in Ramah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And they passed on and went their way; and the sun went down upon   
them when they were by Gibeah, which belongeth to Benjamin.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And they turned aside         
thither, to go in and to lodge in Gibeah: and when he went in, he sat him down  
in a street of the city: for there was no man that took them into his house to  
lodging.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>    
And, behold, there came an old man from his work out of the field at even,      
which was also of mount Ephraim; and he sojourned in Gibeah: but the men of the 
place were Benjamites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And when he had lifted up his eyes, he saw a wayfaring man in the   
street of the city: and the old man said, Whither goest thou? and whence comest 
thou?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And he 
said unto him, We are passing from Bethlehemjudah toward the side of mount      
Ephraim; from thence am I: and I went to Bethlehemjudah, but I am now going to  
the house of YHVH; and there is no man that receiveth me to house.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet there is both straw   
and provender for our asses; and there is bread and wine also for me, and for   
thy handmaid, and for the young man which is with thy servants: there is no     
want of any thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And the old man said, Peace be with thee; howsoever let all thy wants    
lie upon me; only lodge not in the street.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>So he brought him into his house, and gave      
provender unto the asses: and they washed their feet, and did eat and drink.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>Now as they     
were making their hearts merry, behold, the men of the city, certain sons of    
Belial, beset the house round about, and beat at the door, and spake to the     
master of the house, the old man, saying, Bring forth the man that came into    
thine house, that we may know him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23> 
<H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And the man, the master of the house, went out unto      
them, and said unto them, Nay, my brethren, nay, I pray you, do not so          
wickedly; seeing that this man is come into mine house, do not this folly.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, here is 
my daughter a maiden, and his concubine; them I will bring out now, and humble  
ye them, and do with them what seemeth good unto you: but unto this man do not  
so vile a thing.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>But the men would not hearken to him: so the man took his concubine, and 
brought her forth unto them; and they knew her, and abused her all the night    
until the morning: and when the day began to spring, they let her go.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Then came the woman  
in the dawning of the day, and fell down at the door of the man's house where   
her lord was, till it was light.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27>   
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And her lord rose up in the morning, and opened the      
doors of the house, and went out to go his way: and, behold, the woman his      
concubine was fallen down at the door of the house, and her hands were upon the 
threshold.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And he said unto her, Up, and let us be going. But none answered. Then the man  
took her up upon an ass, and the man rose up, and gat him unto his place.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he was 
come into his house, he took a knife, and laid hold on his concubine, and       
divided her, together with her bones, into twelve pieces, and sent her into all 
the coasts of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>And it was so, that all that saw it said, There was no such deed    
done nor seen from the day that the children of Israel came up out of the land  
of Egypt unto this day: consider of it, take advice, and speak your minds.</P>  
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C020.htm'>Judges 20</A></CENTER></P>
 <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                     
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
