<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 33 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C032.htm'>Deuteronomy 32</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 33</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the blessing,       
wherewith Moses the man of ELOHIYM blessed the children of Israel before his    
death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he  
said, YHVH came from Sinai, and rose up from Seir unto them; he shined forth    
from mount Paran, and he came with ten thousands of saints: from his right hand 
went a fiery law for them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4>
</TD><TD><P>Yea, he loved the people; all his saints are in thy hand: and they  
sat down at thy feet; every one shall receive of thy words.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Moses commanded us a law, even  
the inheritance of the congregation of Jacob.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he was king in Jeshurun, when the heads of 
the people and the tribes of Israel were gathered together.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Let Reuben live, and not die;   
and let not his men be few.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>     
7</H4></TD><TD><P>And this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, YHVH,   
the voice of Judah, and bring him unto his people: let his hands be sufficient  
for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Levi he said, Let thy        
Thummim and thy Urim be with thy holy one, whom thou didst prove at Massah, and 
with whom thou didst strive at the waters of Meribah;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Who said unto his father and to his 
mother, I have not seen him; neither did he acknowledge his brethren, nor knew  
his own children: for they have observed thy word, and kept thy covenant.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall      
teach Jacob thy judgments, and Israel thy law: they shall put incense before    
thee, and whole burnt sacrifice upon thine altar.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Bless, YHVH, his substance, and   
accept the work of his hands; smite through the loins of them that rise against 
him, and of them that hate him, that they rise not again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Benjamin he said, The      
beloved of YHVH shall dwell in safety by him; and shall cover him all the day   
long, and he shall dwell between his shoulders.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Joseph he said, Blessed of YHVH be    
his land, for the precious things of heaven, for the dew, and for the deep that 
coucheth beneath,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And for the precious fruits brought forth by the sun, and for the        
precious things put forth by the moon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And for the chief things of the ancient         
mountains, and for the precious things of the lasting hills,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And for the precious things   
of the earth and fulness thereof, and for the good will of him that dwelt in    
the bush: let the blessing come upon the head of Joseph, and upon the top of    
the head of him that was separated from his brethren.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>His glory is like the firstling   
of his bullock, and his horns are like the horns of unicorns: with them he      
shall push the people together to the ends of the earth: and they are the ten   
thousands of Ephraim, and they are the thousands of Manasseh.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Zebulun he said,       
Rejoice, Zebulun, in thy going out; and, Issachar, in thy tents.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>They shall call the       
people unto the mountain; there they shall offer sacrifices of righteousness:   
for they shall suck of the abundance of the seas, and of treasures hid in the   
sand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And of 
Gad he said, Blessed be he that enlargeth Gad: he dwelleth as a lion, and       
teareth the arm with the crown of the head.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And he provided the first part for himself,     
because there, in a portion of the lawgiver, was he seated; and he came with    
the heads of the people, he executed the justice of YHVH, and his judgments     
with Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>
And of Dan he said, Dan is a lion's whelp: he shall leap from Bashan.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Naphtali he   
said, O Naphtali, satisfied with favor, and full with the blessing of YHVH:     
possess thou the west and the south.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And of Asher he said, Let Asher be blessed with 
children; let him be acceptable to his brethren, and let him dip his foot in    
oil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thy     
shoes shall be iron and brass; and as thy days, so shall thy strength be.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>There is none   
like unto the EL of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in    
his excellency on the sky.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>     
27</H4></TD><TD><P>The eternal ELOHIYM is thy refuge, and underneath are the    
everlasting arms: and he shall thrust out the enemy from before thee; and shall 
say, Destroy them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Israel then shall dwell in safety alone: the fountain of Jacob shall be  
upon a land of corn and wine; also his heavens shall drop down dew.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Happy art thou, O    
Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by YHVH, the shield of thy help,  
and who is the sword of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars  
unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places.</P></TD></TR></TABLE>   
<!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA  
All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P>     
<CENTER><A HREF='B05C034.htm'>Deuteronomy 34</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>      
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
