<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 44 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C043.htm'>Jeremiah 43</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 44</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>The word that came to Jeremiah  
concerning all the Jews which dwell in the land of Egypt, which dwell at        
Migdol, and at Tahpanhes, and at Noph, and in the country of Pathros,           
saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus   
saith YHVH of hosts, the ELOHIYM of Israel; Ye have seen all the evil that I    
have brought upon Jerusalem, and upon all the cities of Judah; and, behold,     
this day they are a desolation, and no man dwelleth therein,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Because of their wickedness     
which they have committed to provoke me to anger, in that they went to burn     
incense, and to serve other gods, whom they knew not, neither they, ye, nor     
your fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P> 
Howbeit I sent unto you all my servants the prophets, rising early and sending  
them, saying, Oh, do not this abominable thing that I hate.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>But they hearkened not, nor     
inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness, to burn no incense unto other 
gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>         
Wherefore my fury and mine anger was poured forth, and was kindled in the       
cities of Judah and in the streets of Jerusalem; and they are wasted and        
desolate, as at this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Therefore now thus saith YHVH, the ELOHIYM of hosts, the ELOHIYM of 
Israel; Wherefore commit ye this great evil against your souls, to cut off from 
you man and woman, child and suckling, out of Judah, to leave you none to       
remain;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>In     
that ye provoke me unto wrath with the works of your hands, burning incense     
unto other gods in the land of Egypt, whither ye be gone to dwell, that ye      
might cut yourselves off, and that ye might be a curse and a reproach among all 
the nations of the earth?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Have ye forgotten the wickedness of your fathers, and the           
wickedness of the kings of Judah, and the wickedness of their wives, and your   
own wickedness, and the wickedness of your wives, which they have committed in  
the land of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>They are not humbled even unto    
this day, neither have they feared, nor walked in my law, nor in my statutes,   
that I set before you and before your fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith YHVH of hosts, the      
ELOHIYM of Israel; Behold, I will set my face against you for evil, and to cut  
off all Judah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD> 
<P>And I will take the remnant of Judah, that have set their faces to go into   
the land of Egypt to sojourn there, and they shall all be consumed, and fall in 
the land of Egypt; they shall even be consumed by the sword and by the famine:  
they shall die, from the least even unto the greatest, by the sword and by the  
famine: and they shall be an execration, and an astonishment, and a curse, and  
a reproach.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P> 
For I will punish them that dwell in the land of Egypt, as I have punished      
Jerusalem, by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence:</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So that none of the remnant   
of Judah, which are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall escape  
or remain, that they should return into the land of Judah, to the which they    
have a desire to return to dwell there: for none shall return but such as shall 
escape.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then 
all the men which knew that their wives had burned incense unto other gods, and 
all the women that stood by, a great multitude, even all the people that dwelt  
in the land of Egypt, in Pathros, answered Jeremiah, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>As for the word that thou     
hast spoken unto us in the name of YHVH, we will not hearken unto thee.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But we will          
certainly do whatsoever thing goeth forth out of our own mouth, to burn incense 
unto the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink offerings unto her, as we have  
done, we, and our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah,  
and in the streets of Jerusalem: for then had we plenty of victuals, and were   
well, and saw no evil.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>But since we left off to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and   
to pour out drink offerings unto her, we have wanted all things, and have been  
consumed by the sword and by the famine.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And when we burned incense to the queen of      
heaven, and poured out drink offerings unto her, did we make her cakes to       
worship her, and pour out drink offerings unto her, without our men?</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Jeremiah said   
unto all the people, to the men, and to the women, and to all the people which  
had given him that answer, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21> 
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>The incense that ye burned in the cities of Judah, and   
in the streets of Jerusalem, ye, and your fathers, your kings, and your         
princes, and the people of the land, did not YHVH remember them, and came it    
not into his mind?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So that YHVH could no longer bear, because of the evil of your doings,   
and because of the abominations which ye have committed; therefore is your land 
a desolation, and an astonishment, and a curse, without an inhabitant, as at    
this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Because ye have burned incense, and because ye have sinned against YHVH, and    
have not obeyed the voice of YHVH, nor walked in his law, nor in his statutes,  
nor in his testimonies; therefore this evil is happened unto you, as at this    
day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>        
Moreover Jeremiah said unto all the people, and to all the women, Hear the word 
of YHVH, all Judah that are in the land of Egypt:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH of hosts, the     
ELOHIYM of Israel, saying; Ye and your wives have both spoken with your mouths, 
and fulfilled with your hand, saying, We will surely perform our vows that we   
have vowed, to burn incense to the queen of heaven, and to pour out drink       
offerings unto her: ye will surely accomplish your vows, and surely perform     
your vows.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Therefore hear ye the word of YHVH, all Judah that dwell in the land of Egypt;  
Behold, I have sworn by my great name, saith YHVH, that my name shall no more   
be named in the mouth of any man of Judah in all the land of Egypt, saying, The 
ADONAY YHVH liveth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Behold, I will watch over them for evil, and not for good: and all the   
men of Judah that are in the land of Egypt shall be consumed by the sword and   
by the famine, until there be an end of them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet a small number that escape the sword     
shall return out of the land of Egypt into the land of Judah, and all the       
remnant of Judah, that are gone into the land of Egypt to sojourn there, shall  
know whose words shall stand, mine, or their's.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And this shall be a sign unto you, saith     
YHVH, that I will punish you in this place, that ye may know that my words      
shall surely stand against you for evil:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith YHVH; Behold, I will give            
Pharaohhophra king of Egypt into the hand of his enemies, and into the hand of  
them that seek his life; as I gave Zedekiah king of Judah into the hand of      
Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, his enemy, and that sought his life.</P></TD>   
</TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31,    
Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email               
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B24C045.htm'>Jeremiah 45</A></CENTER>  
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
