<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 26 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C025.htm'>2nd Chronicles 25</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 26</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then all the people of Judah    
took Uzziah, who was sixteen years old, and made him king in the room of his    
father Amaziah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>He built Eloth, and restored it to Judah, after that the king slept with his 
fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>      
Sixteen years old was Uzziah when he began to reign, and he reigned fifty and   
two years in Jerusalem. His mother's name also was Jecoliah of Jerusalem.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that   
which was right in the sight of YHVH, according to all that his father Amaziah  
did.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And he    
sought ELOHIYM in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions   
of ELOHIYM: and as long as he sought YHVH, ELOHIYM made him to prosper.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And he went forth and  
warred against the Philistines, and brake down the wall of Gath, and the wall   
of Jabneh, and the wall of Ashdod, and built cities about Ashdod, and among the 
Philistines.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And ELOHIYM helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that   
dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8> 
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the Ammonites gave gifts to Uzziah: and his name      
spread abroad even to the entering in of Egypt; for he strengthened himself     
exceedingly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Moreover Uzziah built towers in Jerusalem at the corner gate, and at the valley 
gate, and at the turning of the wall, and fortified them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Also he built towers in the       
desert, and digged many wells: for he had much cattle, both in the low country, 
and in the plains: husbandmen also, and vine dressers in the mountains, and in  
Carmel: for he loved husbandry.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>
11</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover Uzziah had an host of fighting men, that went out   
to war by bands, according to the number of their account by the hand of Jeiel  
the scribe and Maaseiah the ruler, under the hand of Hananiah, one of the       
king's captains.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>The whole number of the chief of the fathers of the mighty men of valor  
were two thousand and six hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13> 
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand 
and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help   
the king against the enemy.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>    
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And Uzziah prepared for them throughout all the host         
shields, and spears, and helmets, and habergeons, and bows, and slings to cast  
stones.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and  
upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread 
far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But when he was strong, his   
heart was lifted up to his destruction: for he transgressed against YHVH his    
ELOHIYM, and went into the temple of YHVH to burn incense upon the altar of     
incense.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
Azariah the priest went in after him, and with him fourscore priests of YHVH,   
that were valiant men:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And they withstood Uzziah the king, and said unto him, It           
appertaineth not unto thee, Uzziah, to burn incense unto YHVH, but to the       
priests the sons of Aaron, that are consecrated to burn incense: go out of the  
sanctuary; for thou hast trespassed; neither shall it be for thine honor from   
YHVH ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>Then Uzziah was wroth, and had a censer in his hand to burn incense: and     
while he was wroth with the priests, the leprosy even rose up in his forehead   
before the priests in the house of YHVH, from beside the incense altar.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Azariah the      
chief priest, and all the priests, looked upon him, and, behold, he was leprous 
in his forehead, and they thrust him out from thence; yea, himself hasted also  
to go out, because YHVH had smitten him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And Uzziah the king was a leper unto the day of 
his death, and dwelt in a several house, being a leper; for he was cut off from 
the house of YHVH: and Jotham his son was over the king's house, judging the    
people of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Now the rest of the acts of Uzziah, first and last, did Isaiah the       
prophet, the son of Amoz, write.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23>   
<H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>So Uzziah slept with his fathers, and they buried him    
with his fathers in the field of the burial which belonged to the kings; for    
they said, He is a leper: and Jotham his son reigned in his stead.</P></TD></TR>
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C027.htm'>2nd Chronicles 27</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
