<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of Samuel, Chapter 21 - Sacred Name King James     
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B10C020.htm'>2nd Samuel 20</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Second  
Book of Samuel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P>     
<CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>   
Chapter 21</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Then there was a famine in the days of David three years, year after     
year; and David inquired of YHVH. And YHVH answered, It is for Saul, and for    
his bloody house, because he slew the Gibeonites.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king called the Gibeonites, 
and said unto them; (now the Gibeonites were not of the children of Israel, but 
of the remnant of the Amorites; and the children of Israel had sworn unto them: 
and Saul sought to slay them in his zeal to the children of Israel and          
Judah.)</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>       
Wherefore David said unto the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and          
wherewith shall I make the atonement, that ye may bless the inheritance of      
YHVH?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And the  
Gibeonites said unto him, We will have no silver nor gold of Saul, nor of his   
house; neither for us shalt thou kill any man in Israel. And he said, What ye   
shall say, that will I do for you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>  
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they answered the king, The man that consumed us, and 
that devised against us that we should be destroyed from remaining in any of    
the coasts of Israel,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Let seven men of his sons be delivered unto us, and we will hang them up 
unto YHVH in Gibeah of Saul, whom YHVH did choose. And the king said, I will    
give them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
the king spared Mephibosheth, the son of Jonathan the son of Saul, because of   
YHVH's oath that was between them, between David and Jonathan the son of        
Saul.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But the  
king took the two sons of Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, whom she bare unto Saul, 
Armoni and Mephibosheth; and the five sons of Michal the daughter of Saul, whom 
she brought up for Adriel the son of Barzillai the Meholathite:</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And he delivered them into  
the hands of the Gibeonites, and they hanged them in the hill before YHVH: and  
they fell all seven together, and were put to death in the days of harvest, in  
the first days, in the beginning of barley harvest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And Rizpah the daughter of Aiah   
took sackcloth, and spread it for her upon the rock, from the beginning of      
harvest until water dropped upon them out of heaven, and suffered neither the   
birds of the air to rest on them by day, nor the beasts of the field by         
night.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
it was told David what Rizpah the daughter of Aiah, the concubine of Saul, had  
done.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
David went and took the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son from    
the men of Jabeshgilead, which had stolen them from the street of Bethshan,     
where the Philistines had hanged them, when the Philistines had slain Saul in   
Gilboa:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
he brought up from thence the bones of Saul and the bones of Jonathan his son;  
and they gathered the bones of them that were hanged.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And the bones of Saul and         
Jonathan his son buried they in the country of Benjamin in Zelah, in the        
sepulchre of Kish his father: and they performed all that the king commanded.   
And after that ELOHIYM was intreated for the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the Philistines had yet  
war again with Israel; and David went down, and his servants with him, and      
fought against the Philistines: and David waxed faint.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ishbibenob, which was of the  
sons of the giant, the weight of whose spear weighed three hundred shekels of   
brass in weight, he being girded with a new sword, thought to have slain        
David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>But   
Abishai the son of Zeruiah succored him, and smote the Philistine, and killed   
him. Then the men of David sware unto him, saying, Thou shalt go no more out    
with us to battle, that thou quench not the light of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass after     
this, that there was again a battle with the Philistines at Gob: then Sibbechai 
the Hushathite slew Saph, which was of the sons of the giant.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was again a battle  
in Gob with the Philistines, where Elhanan the son of Jaareoregim, a            
Bethlehemite, slew the brother of Goliath the Gittite, the staff of whose spear 
was like a weaver's beam.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>      
20</H4></TD><TD><P>And there was yet a battle in Gath, where was a man of great 
stature, that had on every hand six fingers, and on every foot six toes, four   
and twenty in number; and he also was born to the giant.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And when he defied Israel,        
Jonathan the son of Shimeah the brother of David slew him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>These four were born to the giant 
in Gath, and fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.</P>    
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B10C022.htm'>2nd Samuel 22</A></CENTER>
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
