<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 6 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C005.htm'>2nd Chronicles 5</A></P><CENTER><H2        
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 6</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Then said Solomon, YHVH hath said   
that he would dwell in the thick darkness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>But I have built an house of habitation for thee, 
and a place for thy dwelling for ever.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king turned his face, and blessed the     
whole congregation of Israel: and all the congregation of Israel stood.</P></TD>
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And he said, Blessed   
be YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, who hath with his hands fulfilled that which he      
spake with his mouth to my father David, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Since the day that I brought forth  
my people out of the land of Egypt I chose no city among all the tribes of      
Israel to build an house in, that my name might be there; neither chose I any   
man to be a ruler over my people Israel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>But I have chosen Jerusalem, that my name might   
be there; and have chosen David to be over my people Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Now it was in the heart of      
David my father to build an house for the name of YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But YHVH said to  
David my father, Forasmuch as it was in thine heart to build an house for my    
name, thou didst well in that it was in thine heart:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Notwithstanding thou shalt not      
build the house; but thy son which shall come forth out of thy loins, he shall  
build the house for my name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>   
10</H4></TD><TD><P>YHVH therefore hath performed his word that he hath spoken:  
for I am risen up in the room of David my father, and am set on the throne of   
Israel, as YHVH promised, and have built the house for the name of YHVH ELOHIYM 
of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And in it have I put the ark, wherein is the covenant of YHVH, that he made     
with the children of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>   
12</H4></TD><TD><P>And he stood before the altar of YHVH in the presence of all 
the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his hands:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>For Solomon had made a brazen     
scaffold of five cubits long, and five cubits broad, and three cubits high, and 
had set it in the midst of the court: and upon it he stood, and kneeled down    
upon his knees before all the congregation of Israel, and spread forth his      
hands toward heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>And said, O YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, there is no ELOHIYM like thee   
in the heaven, nor in the earth; which keepest covenant, and showest mercy unto 
thy servants, that walk before thee with all their hearts:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD 
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou which hast kept with thy     
servant David my father that which thou hast promised him; and spakest with thy 
mouth, and hast fulfilled it with thine hand, as it is this day.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, O YHVH     
ELOHIYM of Israel, keep with thy servant David my father that which thou hast   
promised him, saying, There shall not fail thee a man in my sight to sit upon   
the throne of Israel; yet so that thy children take heed to their way to walk   
in my law, as thou hast walked before me.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A    
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Now then, O YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, let thy     
word be verified, which thou hast spoken unto thy servant David.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>But will ELOHIYM in very  
deed dwell with men on the earth? behold, heaven and the heaven of heavens      
cannot contain thee; how much less this house which I have built!</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Have respect therefore to 
the prayer of thy servant, and to his supplication, O YHVH my ELOHIYM, to       
hearken unto the cry and the prayer which thy servant prayeth before thee:</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>That thine eyes 
may be open upon this house day and night, upon the place whereof thou hast     
said that thou wouldest put thy name there; to hearken unto the prayer which    
thy servant prayeth toward this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Hearken therefore unto the supplications of thy 
servant, and of thy people Israel, which they shall make toward this place:     
hear thou from thy dwelling place, even from heaven; and when thou hearest,     
forgive.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>If  
a man sin against his neighbor, and an oath be laid upon him to make him swear, 
and the oath come before thine altar in this house;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from heaven, and   
do, and judge thy servants, by requiting the wicked, by recompensing his way    
upon his own head; and by justifying the righteous, by giving him according to  
his righteousness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And if thy people Israel be put to the worse before the enemy, because   
they have sinned against thee; and shall return and confess thy name, and pray  
and make supplication before thee in this house;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from the heavens,  
and forgive the sin of thy people Israel, and bring them again unto the land    
which thou gavest to them and to their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>When the heaven is shut up, and there is no  
rain, because they have sinned against thee; yet if they pray toward this       
place, and confess thy name, and turn from their sin, when thou dost afflict    
them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Then   
hear thou from heaven, and forgive the sin of thy servants, and of thy people   
Israel, when thou hast taught them the good way, wherein they should walk; and  
send rain upon thy land, which thou hast given unto thy people for an           
inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>
If there be dearth in the land, if there be pestilence, if there be blasting,   
or mildew, locusts, or caterpillars; if their enemies besiege them in the       
cities of their land; whatsoever sore or whatsoever sickness there be:</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>Then what prayer or  
what supplication soever shall be made of any man, or of all thy people Israel, 
when every one shall know his own sore and his own grief, and shall spread      
forth his hands in this house:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4> 
30</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from heaven thy dwelling place, and forgive,  
and render unto every man according unto all his ways, whose heart thou         
knowest; (for thou only knowest the hearts of the children of men:)</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>That they may fear   
thee, to walk in thy ways, so long as they live in the land which thou gavest   
unto our fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Moreover concerning the stranger, which is not of thy people Israel, but 
is come from a far country for thy great name's sake, and thy mighty hand, and  
thy stretched out arm; if they come and pray in this house;</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from the       
heavens, even from thy dwelling place, and do according to all that the         
stranger calleth to thee for; that all people of the earth may know thy name,   
and fear thee, as doth thy people Israel, and may know that this house which I  
have built is called by thy name.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34>  
<H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>If thy people go out to war against their enemies by the 
way that thou shalt send them, and they pray unto thee toward this city which   
thou hast chosen, and the house which I have built for thy name;</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>35</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from the   
heavens their prayer and their supplication, and maintain their cause.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>If they sin against  
thee, (for there is no man which sinneth not,) and thou be angry with them, and 
deliver them over before their enemies, and they carry them away captives unto  
a land far off or near;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4> 
</TD><TD><P>Yet if they bethink themselves in the land whither they are carried 
captive, and turn and pray unto thee in the land of their captivity, saying, We 
have sinned, we have done amiss, and have dealt wickedly;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD><P>If they return to thee with all   
their heart and with all their soul in the land of their captivity, whither     
they have carried them captives, and pray toward their land, which thou gavest  
unto their fathers, and toward the city which thou hast chosen, and toward the  
house which I have built for thy name:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V39><H4>39</H4></TD><TD><P>Then hear thou from the heavens, even from thy  
dwelling place, their prayer and their supplications, and maintain their cause, 
and forgive thy people which have sinned against thee.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V40><H4>40</H4></TD><TD><P>Now, my ELOHIYM, let, I beseech   
thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is  
made in this place.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V41><H4>41</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Now therefore arise, O YHVH ELOHIYM, into thy resting place, thou, and   
the ark of thy strength: let thy priests, O YHVH ELOHIYM, be clothed with       
salvation, and let thy saints rejoice in goodness.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V42><H4>42</H4></TD><TD><P>O YHVH ELOHIYM, turn not away the 
face of thine anointed: remember the mercies of David thy servant.</P></TD></TR>
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C007.htm'>2nd Chronicles 7</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
