<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 9 - Sacred Name King James           
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C008.htm'>Nehemiah 8</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of    
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
9</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Now in the twenty and fourth day of this month the children of Israel were      
assembled with fasting, and with sackclothes, and earth upon them.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And the seed of Israel      
separated themselves from all strangers, and stood and confessed their sins,    
and the iniquities of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3>
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And they stood up in their place, and read in the book of 
the law of YHVH their ELOHIYM one fourth part of the day; and another fourth    
part they confessed, and worshipped YHVH their ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>Then stood up upon the stairs, of   
the Levites, Jeshua, and Bani, Kadmiel, Shebaniah, Bunni, Sherebiah, Bani, and  
Chenani, and cried with a loud voice unto YHVH their ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the Levites, Jeshua, and   
Kadmiel, Bani, Hashabniah, Sherebiah, Hodijah, Shebaniah, and Pethahiah, said,  
Stand up and bless YHVH your ELOHIYM for ever and ever: and blessed be thy      
glorious name, which is exalted above all blessing and praise.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou, even thou, art YHVH       
alone; thou hast made heaven, the heaven of heavens, with all their host, the   
earth, and all things that are therein, the seas, and all that is therein, and  
thou preservest them all; and the host of heaven worshippeth thee.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou art YHVH the ELOHIYM,  
who didst choose Abram, and broughtest him forth out of Ur of the Chaldees, and 
gavest him the name of Abraham;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4> 
8</H4></TD><TD><P>And foundest his heart faithful before thee, and madest a     
covenant with him to give the land of the Canaanites, the Hittites, the         
Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the Jebusites, and the Girgashites, to give   
it, I say, to his seed, and hast performed thy words; for thou art              
righteous:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
didst see the affliction of our fathers in Egypt, and heardest their cry by the 
Red sea;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And 
shewedst signs and wonders upon Pharaoh, and on all his servants, and on all    
the people of his land: for thou knewest that they dealt proudly against them.  
So didst thou get thee a name, as it is this day.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou didst divide the sea     
before them, so that they went through the midst of the sea on the dry land;    
and their persecutors thou threwest into the deeps, as a stone into the mighty  
waters.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>     
Moreover thou leddest them in the day by a cloudy pillar; and in the night by a 
pillar of fire, to give them light in the way wherein they should go.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou camest down     
also upon mount Sinai, and spakest with them from heaven, and gavest them right 
judgments, and true laws, good statutes and commandments:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>And madest known unto them thy    
holy sabbath, and commandedst them precepts, statutes, and laws, by the hand of 
Moses thy servant:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And gavest them bread from heaven for their hunger, and broughtest forth 
water for them out of the rock for their thirst, and promisedst them that they  
should go in to possess the land which thou hadst sworn to give them.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>But they and our     
fathers dealt proudly, and hardened their necks, and hearkened not to thy       
commandments,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And refused to obey, neither were mindful of thy wonders that thou didst     
among them; but hardened their necks, and in their rebellion appointed a        
captain to return to their bondage: but thou art a ELOAHH ready to pardon,      
gracious and merciful, slow to anger, and of great kindness, and forsookest     
them not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Yea, when they had made them a molten calf, and said, This is thy ELOHIYM that  
brought thee up out of Egypt, and had wrought great provocations;</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet thou in thy manifold  
mercies forsookest them not in the wilderness: the pillar of the cloud departed 
not from them by day, to lead them in the way; neither the pillar of fire by    
night, to shew them light, and the way wherein they should go.</P></TD></TR><TR>
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Thou gavest also thy good     
spirit to instruct them, and withheldest not thy manna from their mouth, and    
gavest them water for their thirst.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21>
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>Yea, forty years didst thou sustain them in the          
wilderness, so that they lacked nothing; their clothes waxed not old, and their 
feet swelled not.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>Moreover thou gavest them kingdoms and nations, and didst divide them    
into corners: so they possessed the land of Sihon, and the land of the king of  
Heshbon, and the land of Og king of Bashan.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Their children also multipliedst thou as the    
stars of heaven, and broughtest them into the land, concerning which thou hadst 
promised to their fathers, that they should go in to possess it.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>So the children went in   
and possessed the land, and thou subduedst before them the inhabitants of the   
land, the Canaanites, and gavest them into their hands, with their kings, and   
the people of the land, that they might do with them as they would.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And they took strong 
cities, and a fat land, and possessed houses full of all goods, wells digged,   
vineyards, and oliveyards, and fruit trees in abundance: so they did eat, and   
were filled, and became fat, and delighted themselves in thy great goodness.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless    
they were disobedient, and rebelled against thee, and cast thy law behind their 
backs, and slew thy prophets which testified against them to turn them to thee, 
and they wrought great provocations.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thou deliveredst them into the hand   
of their enemies, who vexed them: and in the time of their trouble, when they   
cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and according to thy manifold  
mercies thou gavest them saviours, who saved them out of the hand of their      
enemies.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>But 
after they had rest, they did evil again before thee: therefore leftest thou    
them in the land of their enemies, so that they had the dominion over them: yet 
when they returned, and cried unto thee, thou heardest them from heaven; and    
many times didst thou deliver them according to thy mercies;</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And testifiedst against them, 
that thou mightest bring them again unto thy law: yet they dealt proudly, and   
hearkened not unto thy commandments, but sinned against thy judgments, (which   
if a man do, he shall live in them;) and withdrew the shoulder, and hardened    
their neck, and would not hear.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>
30</H4></TD><TD><P>Yet many years didst thou forbear them, and testifiedst      
against them by thy spirit in thy prophets: yet would they not give ear:        
therefore gavest thou them into the hand of the people of the lands.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>Nevertheless for thy 
great mercies' sake thou didst not utterly consume them, nor forsake them; for  
thou art a gracious and merciful EL.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore, our ELOHIYM, the great, the      
mighty, and the terrible EL, who keepest covenant and mercy, let not all the    
trouble seem little before thee, that hath come upon us, on our kings, on our   
princes, and on our priests, and on our prophets, and on our fathers, and on    
all thy people, since the time of the kings of Assyria unto this day.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>Howbeit thou art     
just in all that is brought upon us; for thou hast done right, but we have done 
wickedly:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Neither have our kings, our princes, our priests, nor our fathers, kept thy     
law, nor hearkened unto thy commandments and thy testimonies, wherewith thou    
didst testify against them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V35><H4>    
35</H4></TD><TD><P>For they have not served thee in their kingdom, and in thy   
great goodness that thou gavest them, and in the large and fat land which thou  
gavest before them, neither turned they from their wicked works.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V36><H4>36</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, we are servants   
this day, and for the land that thou gavest unto our fathers to eat the fruit   
thereof and the good thereof, behold, we are servants in it:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V37><H4>37</H4></TD><TD><P>And it yieldeth much increase 
unto the kings whom thou hast set over us because of our sins: also they have   
dominion over our bodies, and over our cattle, at their pleasure, and we are in 
great distress.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V38><H4>38</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And because of all this we make a sure covenant, and write it; and our       
princes, Levites, and priests, seal unto it.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This      
Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All       
Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER> 
<A HREF='B16C010.htm'>Nehemiah 10</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
