<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Nehemiah, Chapter 3 - Sacred Name King James           
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B16C002.htm'>Nehemiah 2</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of    
Nehemiah</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>   
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
3</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>   
Then Eliashib the high priest rose up with his brethren the priests, and they   
builded the sheep gate; they sanctified it, and set up the doors of it; even    
unto the tower of Meah they sanctified it, unto the tower of Hananeel.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto him      
builded the men of Jericho. And next to them builded Zaccur the son of Imri.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>But the fish gate 
did the sons of Hassenaah build, who also laid the beams thereof, and set up    
the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto them repaired     
Meremoth the son of Urijah, the son of Koz. And next unto them repaired         
Meshullam the son of Berechiah, the son of Meshezabeel. And next unto them      
repaired Zadok the son of Baana.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>
5</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto them the Tekoites repaired; but their nobles    
put not their necks to the work of their YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the old gate repaired Jehoiada the    
son of Paseah, and Meshullam the son of Besodeiah; they laid the beams thereof, 
and set up the doors thereof, and the locks thereof, and the bars thereof.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto     
them repaired Melatiah the Gibeonite, and Jadon the Meronothite, the men of     
Gibeon, and of Mizpah, unto the throne of the governor on this side the         
river.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Next    
unto him repaired Uzziel the son of Harhaiah, of the goldsmiths. Next unto him  
also repaired Hananiah the son of one of the apothecaries, and they fortified   
Jerusalem unto the broad wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>  
9</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto them repaired Rephaiah the son of Hur, the      
ruler of the half part of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto them repaired Jedaiah the son of  
Harumaph, even over against his house. And next unto him repaired Hattush the   
son of Hashabniah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Malchijah the son of Harim, and Hashub the son of Pahathmoab, repaired   
the other piece, and the tower of the furnaces.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And next unto him repaired Shallum the son   
of Halohesh, the ruler of the half part of Jerusalem, he and his daughters.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>The valley gate 
repaired Hanun, and the inhabitants of Zanoah; they built it, and set up the    
doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and a thousand cubits   
on the wall unto the dung gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>
14</H4></TD><TD><P>But the dung gate repaired Malchiah the son of Rechab, the   
ruler of part of Bethhaccerem; he built it, and set up the doors thereof, the   
locks thereof, and the bars thereof.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>But the gate of the fountain repaired Shallun   
the son of Colhozeh, the ruler of part of Mizpah; he built it, and covered it,  
and set up the doors thereof, the locks thereof, and the bars thereof, and the  
wall of the pool of Siloah by the king's garden, and unto the stairs that go    
down from the city of David.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>   
16</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired Nehemiah the son of Azbuk, the ruler of   
the half part of Bethzur, unto the place over against the sepulchres of David,  
and to the pool that was made, and unto the house of the mighty.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired the    
Levites, Rehum the son of Bani. Next unto him repaired Hashabiah, the ruler of  
the half part of Keilah, in his part.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired their brethren, Bavai the    
son of Henadad, the ruler of the half part of Keilah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And next to him repaired Ezer the 
son of Jeshua, the ruler of Mizpah, another piece over against the going up to  
the armoury at the turning of the wall.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>After him Baruch the son of Zabbai earnestly    
repaired the other piece, from the turning of the wall unto the door of the     
house of Eliashib the high priest.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21> 
<H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired Meremoth the son of Urijah the son of 
Koz another piece, from the door of the house of Eliashib even to the end of    
the house of Eliashib.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>  
</TD><TD><P>And after him repaired the priests, the men of the plain.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired   
Benjamin and Hashub over against their house. After him repaired Azariah the    
son of Maaseiah the son of Ananiah by his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired Binnui the son 
of Henadad another piece, from the house of Azariah unto the turning of the     
wall, even unto the corner.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>    
25</H4></TD><TD><P>Palal the son of Uzai, over against the turning of the wall, 
and the tower which lieth out from the king's high house, that was by the court 
of the prison. After him Pedaiah the son of Parosh.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover the Nethinims dwelt in   
Ophel, unto the place over against the water gate toward the east, and the      
tower that lieth out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>After them the Tekoites repaired another piece, over against the    
great tower that lieth out, even unto the wall of Ophel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>From above the horse gate         
repaired the priests, every one over against his house.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>After them repaired Zadok the son 
of Immer over against his house. After him repaired also Shemaiah the son of    
Shechaniah, the keeper of the east gate.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired Hananiah the son of          
Shelemiah, and Hanun the sixth son of Zalaph, another piece. After him repaired 
Meshullam the son of Berechiah over against his chamber.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>After him repaired Malchiah the   
goldsmith's son unto the place of the Nethinims, and of the merchants, over     
against the gate Miphkad, and to the going up of the corner.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And between the going up of   
the corner unto the sheep gate repaired the goldsmiths and the merchants.</P>   
</TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box   
31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email           
jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B16C004.htm'>Nehemiah 4</A></CENTER>   
</P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A                 
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
