<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Second Book of the Chronicles, Chapter 28 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B14C027.htm'>2nd Chronicles 27</A></P><CENTER><H2       
ALIGN=CENTER>The Second Book of the Chronicles</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 28</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Ahaz was twenty years old when  
he began to reign, and he reigned sixteen years in Jerusalem: but he did not    
that which was right in the sight of YHVH, like David his father:</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For he walked in the ways   
of the kings of Israel, and made also molten images for Baalim.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Moreover he burnt incense   
in the valley of the son of Hinnom, and burnt his children in the fire, after   
the abominations of the heathen whom YHVH had cast out before the children of   
Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>He     
sacrificed also and burnt incense in the high places, and on the hills, and     
under every green tree.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4>   
</TD><TD><P>Wherefore YHVH his ELOHIYM delivered him into the hand of the king  
of Syria; and they smote him, and carried away a great multitude of them        
captives, and brought them to Damascus. And he was also delivered into the hand 
of the king of Israel, who smote him with a great slaughter.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>For Pekah the son of Remaliah   
slew in Judah an hundred and twenty thousand in one day, which were all valiant 
men; because they had forsaken YHVH ELOHIYM of their fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>And Zichri, a mighty man of     
Ephraim, slew Maaseiah the king's son, and Azrikam the governor of the house,   
and Elkanah that was next to the king.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And the children of Israel carried away captive   
of their brethren two hundred thousand, women, sons, and daughters, and took    
also away much spoil from them, and brought the spoil to Samaria.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>But a prophet of YHVH was   
there, whose name was Oded: and he went out before the host that came to        
Samaria, and said unto them, Behold, because YHVH ELOHIYM of your fathers was   
wroth with Judah, he hath delivered them into your hand, and ye have slain them 
in a rage that reacheth up unto heaven.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And now ye purpose to keep under the children   
of Judah and Jerusalem for bondmen and bondwomen unto you: but are there not    
with you, even with you, sins against YHVH your ELOHIYM?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Now hear me therefore, and        
deliver the captives again, which ye have taken captive of your brethren: for   
the fierce wrath of YHVH is upon you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A        
NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Then certain of the heads of the children of    
Ephraim, Azariah the son of Johanan, Berechiah the son of Meshillemoth, and     
Jehizkiah the son of Shallum, and Amasa the son of Hadlai, stood up against     
them that came from the war,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>   
13</H4></TD><TD><P>And said unto them, Ye shall not bring in the captives       
hither: for whereas we have offended against YHVH already, ye intend to add     
more to our sins and to our trespass: for our trespass is great, and there is   
fierce wrath against Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>   
14</H4></TD><TD><P>So the armed men left the captives and the spoil before the  
princes and all the congregation.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15>  
<H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And the men which were expressed by name rose up, and    
took the captives, and with the spoil clothed all that were naked among them,   
and arrayed them, and shod them, and gave them to eat and to drink, and         
anointed them, and carried all the feeble of them upon asses, and brought them  
to Jericho, the city of palm trees, to their brethren: then they returned to    
Samaria.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>At  
that time did king Ahaz send unto the kings of Assyria to help him.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>For again the        
Edomites had come and smitten Judah, and carried away captives.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The Philistines also had  
invaded the cities of the low country, and of the south of Judah, and had taken 
Bethshemesh, and Ajalon, and Gederoth, and Shocho with the villages thereof,    
and Timnah with the villages thereof, Gimzo also and the villages thereof: and  
they dwelt there.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>For YHVH brought Judah low because of Ahaz king of Israel; for he made   
Judah naked, and transgressed sore against YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And Tilgathpilneser king of       
Assyria came unto him, and distressed him, but strengthened him not.</P></TD>   
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>For Ahaz took away a 
portion out of the house of YHVH, and out of the house of the king, and of the  
princes, and gave it unto the king of Assyria: but he helped him not.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the time of   
his distress did he trespass yet more against YHVH: this is that king Ahaz.</P> 
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>For he          
sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the 
gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that  
they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahaz gathered    
together the vessels of the house of ELOHIYM, and cut in pieces the vessels of  
the house of ELOHIYM, and shut up the doors of the house of YHVH, and he made   
him altars in every corner of Jerusalem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A     
NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>And in every several city of Judah he made high 
places to burn incense unto other gods, and provoked to anger YHVH ELOHIYM of   
his fathers.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>
Now the rest of his acts and of all his ways, first and last, behold, they are  
written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Ahaz slept with his fathers,  
and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not    
into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his 
stead.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M.      
Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/    
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B14C029.htm'>2nd Chronicles      
29</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A  
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
