<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah, Chapter 10 - Sacred Name King   
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B38C009.htm'>Zechariah 9</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Zechariah</H2></CENTER><P><A               
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 10</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Ask ye of YHVH rain in the time 
of the latter rain; so YHVH shall make bright clouds, and give them showers of  
rain, to every one grass in the field.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>For the idols have spoken vanity, and the         
diviners have seen a lie, and have told false dreams; they comfort in vain:     
therefore they went their way as a flock, they were troubled, because there was 
no shepherd.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Mine anger was kindled against the shepherds, and I punished the goats: for     
YHVH of hosts hath visited his flock the house of Judah, and hath made them as  
his goodly horse in the battle.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4> 
4</H4></TD><TD><P>Out of him came forth the corner, out of him the nail, out of 
him the battle bow, out of him every oppressor together.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD   
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And they shall be as mighty men,    
which tread down their enemies in the mire of the streets in the battle: and    
they shall fight, because YHVH is with them, and the riders on horses shall be  
confounded.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph,  
and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they 
shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am YHVH their ELOHIYM, and    
will hear them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And they of Ephraim shall be like a mighty man, and their heart shall        
rejoice as through wine: yea, their children shall see it, and be glad; their   
heart shall rejoice in YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>    
8</H4></TD><TD><P>I will hiss for them, and gather them; for I have redeemed    
them: and they shall increase as they have increased.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will sow them among the       
people: and they shall remember me in far countries; and they shall live with   
their children, and turn again.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>
10</H4></TD><TD><P>I will bring them again also out of the land of Egypt, and   
gather them out of Assyria; and I will bring them into the land of Gilead and   
Lebanon; and place shall not be found for them.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And he shall pass through the sea with       
affliction, and shall smite the waves in the sea, and all the deeps of the      
river shall dry up: and the pride of Assyria shall be brought down, and the     
sceptre of Egypt shall depart away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12>
<H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will strengthen them in YHVH; and they shall walk  
up and down in his name, saith YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is  
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B38C011.htm'>Zechariah 11</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P> 
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
