<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah, Chapter 52 - Sacred Name King    
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B24C051.htm'>Jeremiah 51</A></P><CENTER><H2             
ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of the Prophet Jeremiah</H2></CENTER><P><A                
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 52</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Zedekiah was one and twenty     
years old when he began to reign, and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem. And 
his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And he did that which was   
evil in the eyes of YHVH, according to all that Jehoiakim had done.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>For through the anger  
of YHVH it came to pass in Jerusalem and Judah, till he had cast them out from  
his presence, that Zedekiah rebelled against the king of Babylon.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the  
ninth year of his reign, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month,     
that Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon came, he and all his army, against          
Jerusalem, and pitched against it, and built forts against it round about.</P>  
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>So the city was   
besieged unto the eleventh year of king Zedekiah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And in the fourth month, in the     
ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no   
bread for the people of the land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7>   
<H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Then the city was broken up, and all the men of war fled, 
and went forth out of the city by night by the way of the gate between the two  
walls, which was by the king's garden; (now the Chaldeans were by the city      
round about:) and they went by the way of the plain.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>But the army of the Chaldeans       
pursued after the king, and overtook Zedekiah in the plains of Jericho; and all 
his army was scattered from him.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>
9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then they took the king, and carried him up unto the king of  
Babylon to Riblah in the land of Hamath; where he gave judgment upon him.</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of 
Babylon slew the sons of Zedekiah before his eyes: he slew also all the princes 
of Judah in Riblah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD>
<TD><P>Then he put out the eyes of Zedekiah; and the king of Babylon bound him  
in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison till the day of    
his death.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>  
Now in the fifth month, in the tenth day of the month, which was the nineteenth 
year of Nebuchadrezzar king of Babylon, came Nebuzaradan, captain of the guard, 
which served the king of Babylon, into Jerusalem,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD          
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And burned the house of YHVH, and 
the king's house; and all the houses of Jerusalem, and all the houses of the    
great men, burned he with fire:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>
14</H4></TD><TD><P>And all the army of the Chaldeans, that were with the        
captain of the guard, brake down all the walls of Jerusalem round about.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Then            
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive certain of the poor   
of the people, and the residue of the people that remained in the city, and     
those that fell away, that fell to the king of Babylon, and the rest of the     
multitude.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>  
But Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left certain of the poor of the land   
for vinedressers and for husbandmen.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Also the pillars of brass that were in the      
house of YHVH, and the bases, and the brasen sea that was in the house of YHVH, 
the Chaldeans brake, and carried all the brass of them to Babylon.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>The caldrons also, and    
the shovels, and the snuffers, and the bowls, and the spoons, and all the       
vessels of brass wherewith they ministered, took they away.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And the basons, and the       
firepans, and the bowls, and the caldrons, and the candlesticks, and the        
spoons, and the cups; that which was of gold in gold, and that which was of     
silver in silver, took the captain of the guard away.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD      
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>The two pillars, one sea, and     
twelve brasen bulls that were under the bases, which king Solomon had made in   
the house of YHVH: the brass of all these vessels was without weight.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And concerning the   
pillars, the height of one pillar was eighteen cubits; and a fillet of twelve   
cubits did compass it; and the thickness thereof was four fingers: it was       
hollow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
a chapiter of brass was upon it; and the height of one chapiter was five        
cubits, with network and pomegranates upon the chapiters round about, all of    
brass. The second pillar also and the pomegranates were like unto these.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>And there were  
ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all the pomegranates upon the        
network were an hundred round about.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A         
NAME=V24><H4>24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the captain of the guard took Seraiah the   
chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the     
door:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>He     
took also out of the city an eunuch, which had the charge of the men of war;    
and seven men of them that were near the king's person, which were found in the 
city; and the principal scribe of the host, who mustered the people of the      
land; and threescore men of the people of the land, that were found in the      
midst of the city.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>So Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to   
the king of Babylon to Riblah.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27><H4> 
27</H4></TD><TD><P>And the king of Babylon smote them, and put them to death in 
Riblah in the land of Hamath. Thus Judah was carried away captive out of his    
own land.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>   
This is the people whom Nebuchadrezzar carried away captive: in the seventh     
year three thousand Jews and three and twenty:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>In the eighteenth year of Nebuchadrezzar he  
carried away captive from Jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons:</P>   
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>30</H4></TD><TD><P>In the three    
and twentieth year of Nebuchadrezzar Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard       
carried away captive of the Jews seven hundred forty and five persons: all the  
persons were four thousand and six hundred.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass in the seven and thirtieth  
year of the captivity of Jehoiachin king of Judah, in the twelfth month, in the 
five and twentieth day of the month, that Evilmerodach king of Babylon in the   
first year of his reign lifted up the head of Jehoiachin king of Judah, and     
brought him forth out of prison.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32>   
<H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P>And spake kindly unto him, and set his throne above the  
throne of the kings that were with him in Babylon,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD         
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And changed his prison garments:  
and he did continually eat bread before him all the days of his life.</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V34><H4>34</H4></TD><TD><P>And for his diet,    
there was a continual diet given him of the king of Babylon, every day a        
portion until the day of his death, all the days of his life.</P></TD></TR>     
</TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood 
TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--> 
<P><CENTER><A HREF='B25C001.htm'>Lamentations 1</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>  
HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>   
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
