<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of Joshua, Chapter 24 - Sacred Name King James            
Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD><BODY  
BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James Version</H3><P> 
<A HREF='B06C023.htm'>Joshua 23</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Book of     
Joshua</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER>     
<TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter    
24</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And Joshua gathered all the tribes of Israel to Shechem, and called for the     
elders of Israel, and for their heads, and for their judges, and for their      
officers; and they presented themselves before ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said unto all the        
people, Thus saith YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel, Your fathers dwelt on the other side 
of the flood in old time, even Terah, the father of Abraham, and the father of  
Nachor: and they served other gods.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3> 
<H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And I took your father Abraham from the other side of the 
flood, and led him throughout all the land of Canaan, and multiplied his seed,  
and gave him Isaac.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD>  
<TD><P>And I gave unto Isaac Jacob and Esau: and I gave unto Esau mount Seir,   
to possess it; but Jacob and his children went down into Egypt.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>I sent Moses also and       
Aaron, and I plagued Egypt, according to that which I did among them: and       
afterward I brought you out.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>    
6</H4></TD><TD><P>And I brought your fathers out of Egypt: and ye came unto the 
sea; and the Egyptians pursued after your fathers with chariots and horsemen    
unto the Red sea.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD>
<P>And when they cried unto YHVH, he put darkness between you and the           
Egyptians, and brought the sea upon them, and covered them; and your eyes have  
seen what I have done in Egypt: and ye dwelt in the wilderness a long           
season.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>And I  
brought you into the land of the Amorites, which dwelt on the other side        
Jordan; and they fought with you: and I gave them into your hand, that ye might 
possess their land; and I destroyed them from before you.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>Then Balak the son of Zippor, king  
of Moab, arose and warred against Israel, and sent and called Balaam the son of 
Beor to curse you:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>But I would not hearken unto Balaam; therefore he blessed you still: so  
I delivered you out of his hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11>   
<H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>And you went over Jordan, and came unto Jericho: and the 
men of Jericho fought against you, the Amorites, and the Perizzites, and the    
Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Girgashites, the Hivites, and the         
Jebusites; and I delivered them into your hand.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>And I sent the hornet before you, which      
drave them out from before you, even the two kings of the Amorites; but not     
with thy sword, nor with thy bow.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13>  
<H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And I have given you a land for which ye did not labor,  
and cities which ye built not, and ye dwell in them; of the vineyards and       
oliveyards which ye planted not do ye eat.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore fear YHVH, and serve him in       
sincerity and in truth: and put away the gods which your fathers served on the  
other side of the flood, and in Egypt; and serve ye YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And if it seem evil unto you to   
serve YHVH, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your 
fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the     
Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve     
YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>And    
the people answered and said, Forbid that we should forsake YHVH, to serve      
other gods;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P> 
For YHVH our ELOHIYM, he it is that brought us up and our fathers out of the    
land of Egypt, from the house of bondage, and which did those great signs in    
our sight, and preserved us in all the way wherein we went, and among all the   
people through whom we passed:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4> 
18</H4></TD><TD><P>And YHVH drave out from before us all the people, even the   
Amorites which dwelt in the land: therefore will we also serve YHVH; for he is  
our ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>
And Joshua said unto the people, Ye cannot serve YHVH: for he is an holy        
ELOHIYM; he is a jealous EL; he will not forgive your transgressions nor your   
sins.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>If ye  
forsake YHVH, and serve strange gods, then he will turn and do you hurt, and    
consume you, after that he hath done you good.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people said unto Joshua, Nay; but we 
will serve YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>And Joshua said unto the people, Ye are witnesses against yourselves     
that ye have chosen you YHVH, to serve him. And they said, We are witnesses.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Now therefore   
put away, said he, the strange gods which are among you, and incline your heart 
unto YHVH ELOHIYM of Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>   
24</H4></TD><TD><P>And the people said unto Joshua, YHVH our ELOHIYM will we    
serve, and his voice will we obey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25> 
<H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>So Joshua made a covenant with the people that day, and  
set them a statute and an ordinance in Shechem.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>
<A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua wrote these words in the book of  
the law of ELOHIYM, and took a great stone, and set it up there under an oak,   
that was by the sanctuary of YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V27> 
<H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>And Joshua said unto all the people, Behold, this stone  
shall be a witness unto us; for it hath heard all the words of YHVH which he    
spake unto us: it shall be therefore a witness unto you, lest ye deny your      
ELOHIYM.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>So  
Joshua let the people depart, every man unto his inheritance.</P></TD></TR><TR> 
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it came to pass after     
these things, that Joshua the son of Nun, the servant of YHVH, died, being an   
hundred and ten years old.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>     
30</H4></TD><TD><P>And they buried him in the border of his inheritance in      
Timnathserah, which is in mount Ephraim, on the north side of the hill of       
Gaash.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>And   
Israel served YHVH all the days of Joshua, and all the days of the elders that  
overlived Joshua, and which had known all the works of YHVH, that he had done   
for Israel.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4>32</H4></TD><TD><P> 
And the bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt,  
buried they in Shechem, in a parcel of ground which Jacob bought of the sons of 
Hamor the father of Shechem for an hundred pieces of silver: and it became the  
inheritance of the children of Joseph.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A       
NAME=V33><H4>33</H4></TD><TD><P>And Eleazar the son of Aaron died; and they     
buried him in a hill that pertained to Phinehas his son, which was given him in 
mount Ephraim.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is copyright 2000 by John 
M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved http://www.johnhurt.com/ 
email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A HREF='B07C001.htm'>Judges 1</A>        
</CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A        
HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A   
HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>   
