<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy, Chapter 11 - Sacred   
Name King James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css             
type=text/css></HEAD><BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name 
King James Version</H3><P><A HREF='B05C010.htm'>Deuteronomy 10</A></P><CENTER>  
<H2 ALIGN=CENTER>The Fifth Book of Moses, called Deuteronomy</H2></CENTER><P><A 
HREF='index.htm'>Return to Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5  
WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD><CENTER><H1>Chapter 11</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>1</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thou shalt love YHVH  
thy ELOHIYM, and keep his charge, and his statutes, and his judgments, and his  
commandments, alway.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>And know ye this day: for I speak not with your children which have not  
known, and which have not seen the chastisement of YHVH your ELOHIYM, his       
greatness, his mighty hand, and his stretched out arm,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>And his miracles, and his acts,     
which he did in the midst of Egypt unto Pharaoh the king of Egypt, and unto all 
his land;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>And  
what he did unto the army of Egypt, unto their horses, and to their chariots;   
how he made the water of the Red sea to overflow them as they pursued after     
you, and how YHVH hath destroyed them unto this day;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD       
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5><H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>And what he did unto you in the     
wilderness, until ye came into this place;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>And what he did unto Dathan and Abiram, the sons  
of Eliab, the son of Reuben: how the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed them 
up, and their households, and their tents, and all the substance that was in    
their possession, in the midst of all Israel:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP>  
<A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>But your eyes have seen all the great acts of  
YHVH which he did.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8><H4>8</H4></TD>   
<TD><P>Therefore shall ye keep all the commandments which I command you this    
day, that ye may be strong, and go in and possess the land, whither ye go to    
possess it;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>   
And that ye may prolong your days in the land, which YHVH sware unto your       
fathers to give unto them and to their seed, a land that floweth with milk and  
honey.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>For   
the land, whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the land of Egypt,     
from whence ye came out, where thou sowedst thy seed, and wateredst it with thy 
foot, as a garden of herbs:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>    
11</H4></TD><TD><P>But the land, whither ye go to possess it, is a land of      
hills and valleys, and drinketh water of the rain of heaven:</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>A land which YHVH thy ELOHIYM 
careth for: the eyes of YHVH thy ELOHIYM are always upon it, from the beginning 
of the year even unto the end of the year.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to pass, if ye shall hearken  
diligently unto my commandments which I command you this day, to love YHVH your 
ELOHIYM, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul,</P></TD>  
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>That I will give you 
the rain of your land in his due season, the first rain and the latter rain,    
that thou mayest gather in thy corn, and thy wine, and thine oil.</P></TD></TR> 
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>And I will send grass in  
thy fields for thy cattle, that thou mayest eat and be full.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>Take heed to yourselves, that 
your heart be not deceived, and ye turn aside, and serve other gods, and        
worship them;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD>  
<P>And then YHVH's wrath be kindled against you, and he shut up the heaven,     
that there be no rain, and that the land yield not her fruit; and lest ye       
perish quickly from off the good land which YHVH giveth you.</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore shall ye lay up     
these my words in your heart and in your soul, and bind them for a sign upon    
your hand, that they may be as frontlets between your eyes.</P></TD></TR><TR>   
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall teach them your  
children, speaking of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou      
walkest by the way, when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.</P></TD></TR>
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>And thou shalt write them 
upon the door posts of thine house, and upon thy gates:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4>21</H4></TD><TD><P>That your days may be multiplied, 
and the days of your children, in the land which YHVH sware unto your fathers   
to give them, as the days of heaven upon the earth.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD        
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4></TD><TD><P>For if ye shall diligently keep   
all these commandments which I command you, to do them, to love YHVH your       
ELOHIYM, to walk in all his ways, and to cleave unto him;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD  
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Then will YHVH drive out all      
these nations from before you, and ye shall possess greater nations and         
mightier than yourselves.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V24><H4>      
24</H4></TD><TD><P>Every place whereon the soles of your feet shall tread shall 
be yours: from the wilderness and Lebanon, from the river, the river Euphrates, 
even unto the uttermost sea shall your coast be.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V25><H4>25</H4></TD><TD><P>There shall no man be able to     
stand before you: for YHVH your ELOHIYM shall lay the fear of you and the dread 
of you upon all the land that ye shall tread upon, as he hath said unto you.</P>
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V26><H4>26</H4></TD><TD><P>Behold, I set   
before you this day a blessing and a curse;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V27><H4>27</H4></TD><TD><P>A blessing, if ye obey the commandments of YHVH 
your ELOHIYM, which I command you this day:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A  
NAME=V28><H4>28</H4></TD><TD><P>And a curse, if ye will not obey the            
commandments of YHVH your ELOHIYM, but turn aside out of the way which I        
command you this day, to go after other gods, which ye have not known.</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V29><H4>29</H4></TD><TD><P>And it shall come to 
pass, when YHVH thy ELOHIYM hath brought thee in unto the land whither thou     
goest to possess it, that thou shalt put the blessing upon mount Gerizim, and   
the curse upon mount Ebal.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V30><H4>     
30</H4></TD><TD><P>Are they not on the other side Jordan, by the way where the  
sun goeth down, in the land of the Canaanites, which dwell in the champaign     
over against Gilgal, beside the plains of Moreh?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V31><H4>31</H4></TD><TD><P>For ye shall pass over Jordan to  
go in to possess the land which YHVH your ELOHIYM giveth you, and ye shall      
possess it, and dwell therein.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V32><H4> 
32</H4></TD><TD><P>And ye shall observe to do all the statutes and judgments    
which I set before you this day.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is      
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B05C012.htm'>Deuteronomy 12</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>        
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML       
Bible</A> Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>        
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
