<HTML><HEAD><TITLE>The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel, Chapter 13 - Sacred Name King     
James Version</TITLE><link rel=stylesheet href=style1.css type=text/css></HEAD> 
<BODY BACKGROUND='Image1.jpg'><H3 ALIGN=CENTER>Sacred Name King James           
Version</H3><P><A HREF='B26C012.htm'>Ezekiel 12</A></P><CENTER><H2 ALIGN=CENTER>
The Book of the Prophet Ezekiel</H2></CENTER><P><A HREF='index.htm'>Return to   
Index</A>.</P><CENTER><TABLE BORDER=0 CELLPADDING=5 WIDTH=90%><TR><TD></TD><TD> 
<CENTER><H1>Chapter 13</H1></CENTER></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V1><H4>
1</H4></TD><TD><P>And the word of YHVH came unto me, saying,</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V2><H4>2</H4></TD><TD><P>Son of man, prophesy against    
the prophets of Israel that prophesy, and say thou unto them that prophesy out  
of their own hearts, Hear ye the word of YHVH;</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP> 
<A NAME=V3><H4>3</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Woe unto the       
foolish prophets, that follow their own spirit, and have seen nothing!</P></TD> 
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V4><H4>4</H4></TD><TD><P>O Israel, thy prophets 
are like the foxes in the deserts.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V5>  
<H4>5</H4></TD><TD><P>Ye have not gone up into the gaps, neither made up the    
hedge for the house of Israel to stand in the battle in the day of YHVH.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V6><H4>6</H4></TD><TD><P>They have seen    
vanity and lying divination, saying, YHVH saith: and YHVH hath not sent them:   
and they have made others to hope that they would confirm the word.</P></TD>    
</TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V7><H4>7</H4></TD><TD><P>Have ye not seen a     
vain vision, and have ye not spoken a lying divination, whereas ye say, YHVH    
saith it; albeit I have not spoken?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V8> 
<H4>8</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Because ye have     
spoken vanity, and seen lies, therefore, behold, I am against you, saith the    
ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V9><H4>9</H4></TD><TD><P>  
And mine hand shall be upon the prophets that see vanity, and that divine lies: 
they shall not be in the assembly of my people, neither shall they be written   
in the writing of the house of Israel, neither shall they enter into the land   
of Israel; and ye shall know that I am the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V10><H4>10</H4></TD><TD><P>Because, even because they have   
seduced my people, saying, Peace; and there was no peace; and one built up a    
wall, and, lo, others daubed it with untempered morter:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD    
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V11><H4>11</H4></TD><TD><P>Say unto them which daub it with  
untempered morter, that it shall fall: there shall be an overflowing shower;    
and ye, O great hailstones, shall fall; and a stormy wind shall rend it.</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V12><H4>12</H4></TD><TD><P>Lo, when the    
wall is fallen, shall it not be said unto you, Where is the daubing wherewith   
ye have daubed it?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V13><H4>13</H4></TD> 
<TD><P>Therefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; I will even rend it with a stormy  
wind in my fury; and there shall be an overflowing shower in mine anger, and    
great hailstones in my fury to consume it.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A   
NAME=V14><H4>14</H4></TD><TD><P>So will I break down the wall that ye have      
daubed with untempered morter, and bring it down to the ground, so that the     
foundation thereof shall be discovered, and it shall fall, and ye shall be      
consumed in the midst thereof: and ye shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR>  
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V15><H4>15</H4></TD><TD><P>Thus will I accomplish my 
wrath upon the wall, and upon them that have daubed it with untempered morter,  
and will say unto you, The wall is no more, neither they that daubed it;</P>    
</TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V16><H4>16</H4></TD><TD><P>To wit, the     
prophets of Israel which prophesy concerning Jerusalem, and which see visions   
of peace for her, and there is no peace, saith the ADONAY YHVH.</P></TD></TR>   
<TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V17><H4>17</H4></TD><TD><P>Likewise, thou son of     
man, set thy face against the daughters of thy people, which prophesy out of    
their own heart; and prophesy thou against them,</P></TD></TR><TR><TD           
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V18><H4>18</H4></TD><TD><P>And say, Thus saith the ADONAY    
YHVH; Woe to the women that sew pillows to all armholes, and make kerchiefs     
upon the head of every stature to hunt souls! Will ye hunt the souls of my      
people, and will ye save the souls alive that come unto you?</P></TD></TR><TR>  
<TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V19><H4>19</H4></TD><TD><P>And will ye pollute me among  
my people for handfuls of barley and for pieces of bread, to slay the souls     
that should not die, and to save the souls alive that should not live, by your  
lying to my people that hear your lies?</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A      
NAME=V20><H4>20</H4></TD><TD><P>Wherefore thus saith the ADONAY YHVH; Behold, I 
am against your pillows, wherewith ye there hunt the souls to make them fly,    
and I will tear them from your arms, and will let the souls go, even the souls  
that ye hunt to make them fly.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V21><H4> 
21</H4></TD><TD><P>Your kerchiefs also will I tear, and deliver my people out   
of your hand, and they shall be no more in your hand to be hunted; and ye shall 
know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR><TR><TD VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V22><H4>22</H4>    
</TD><TD><P>Because with lies ye have made the heart of the righteous sad, whom 
I have not made sad; and strengthened the hands of the wicked, that he should   
not return from his wicked way, by promising him life:</P></TD></TR><TR><TD     
VALIGN=TOP><A NAME=V23><H4>23</H4></TD><TD><P>Therefore ye shall see no more    
vanity, nor divine divinations: for I will deliver my people out of your hand:  
and ye shall know that I am YHVH.</P></TD></TR></TABLE><!--This Software is     
copyright 2000 by John M. Hurt, PO Box 31, Elmwood TN USA All Rights Reserved   
http://www.johnhurt.com/ email jhurt@johnhurt.com--><P><CENTER><A               
HREF='B26C014.htm'>Ezekiel 14</A></CENTER></P> <P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P>   
&nbsp;<P>&nbsp;<P><CENTER><A HREF=http://www.htmlbible.com/>HTML Bible</A>      
Software &copy; 2000-2001 by <A HREF=http://www.johnhurt.com/>                  
www.johnhurt.com</A></P></CENTER></BODY></HTML>                                 
